dish network best offer of the year and save over $550 


yet he read much about the war. some of the recount episod deepli and ineffac impress him. for exampl, an american newspap correspond had written a dramat descript of the german armi march, march steadili along a great belgian high road--a process without begin and without end--and of the process be halt for hi benefit, and of a german offic therein who struck a soldier sever time in the face angrili with hi cane, while the man stood stiffli at attent. georg had an ardent desir to spend a few minut alon with that offic; he could not get the soldier's bruis cheek out of hi memori.
good-even onc more, miss nowel, he said. 

i _might_, you knaoo! said marrier, brighten to full hope in the fraction of a second.gener, the chouan have no doubt brought arm for those escap recruit. now, if we try to outmarch them, thei will catch us in the wood and shoot everi on of us befor we can get to erne. we must argu, as you call it, with cartridg. dure the skirmish, which will last more time than you think for, some of us ought to go back and fetch the nation guard and the militia from fouger.   what could it all mean? why that medium for her messag? should he write and ask her? but what wa there to ask or sai, in the face of her silenc? besid, he had not even her address. miss camilla could doubtless give him that. but would she? how much did she understand? why had she turn so unhelp? .she wouldn't see him. she's veri strong-will.... that's a wonder woman, hibodi  io's voic shook a littl.  
we can't stop their tongu, he said at last. ah! i did a foolish thing!  

she turn upon him the sparkl of golden light in wine-brown ey. it's a fairi bower. i'm go to do a bewitch.  what make you think it wa colonel de peyster or ani other english or tori offic who save me from the indian? well, it wasn't. if colonel bird and your other white friend had had their wai when i wa taken i should have been burn at the stake long befor thi. it wa the wyandot chief, timmendiqua, known in our languag as white lightn, who save me.  

 i beg your pardon, the stranger said, address him in pure and limpid english, which sound to philip like the dialect of the veri best circl, yet with some nameless differ of inton or accent which certainli wa not foreign, still less provinci, or scotch, or irish; it seem rather like the veri purest well of english undefil philip had ever heard,--onli, if anyth, a littl more so; i beg your pardon, but i'm a stranger hereabout, and i should be so veri much oblig if you could kindli direct me to ani good lodg.  ye, said she. the landladi want the monei, she told me. so nelli gave me her share, and i paid it at onc. 


$300+ data entri from home








he belong to that small minor of undemonstr retir natur, who ar alwai at peac with themselv, and who ar consciou of a feel of humili at the mere thought of make a request, no matter what it natur mai be. so promot had come to him tardili, and by virtu of the slowli-work law of senior. he had been made a sub-lieuten in 1802, but it wa not until 1829 that he becam a major, in spite of the gray of hi moustach. hi life had been so blameless that no man in the armi, not even the gener himself, could approach him without an involuntari feel of respect. it is possibl that he wa not forgiven for thi indisput superior by those who rank abov him; but, on the other hand, there wa not on of hi men that did not feel for him someth of the affect of children for a good mother. for them he knew how to be at onc indulg and sever. he himself had also onc serv in the rank, and knew the sorri joi and gaili-endur hardship of the soldier's lot. he knew the error that mai be pass over and the fault that must be punish in hi men--hi children, as he alwai call them--and when on campaign he readili gave them leav to forag for provis for man and hors among the wealthier class.  master pillsburi purs hi lip and hi express becam sever.  ye, i shall outliv it, els i should have littl faith in myself. but i shall not forget; and if you would remain forev what you now ar to me, you will so act that noth mai mar thi memori, if it is to be no more. i doubt your power to forget an affect which ha surviv so mani chang and withstood assault such as geoffrei must unconsci have made upon it. but i have no right to condemn your belief, to order your action, or forc you to accept my code of moral if you ar not readi for it. you must decid, but do not again deceiv yourself, and through whatev come hold fast to that which is better worth preserv than husband, happi, or friend.  what's the price, ask elli, of the cigar and the compliment togeth? in other word, what do you want of me? 
a boat? lord, that sound good! sigh bannek. 
'brian is not unkind to you, i hope?' cri bessi, prepar to be indign. 


 by a new destroy--a gentlemanli vultur, whose suav accent and perfect manner were fatal to the unwari. henceforth horatio cromi nugent paget flourish and fatten upon the folli of hi fellow-men. as promot of joint-stock compani that never saw the light; as treasur of loan-offic where monei wa never lent; as a gentleman with capit about to introduc a novel articl of manufactur from the sale of which a profit of five thousand a year would infal be realiz, and desir to meet with anoth gentleman of equal capit; as the mysteri x.y.z. who will--for so small a recompens as thirti postag-stamp--impart the secret of an eleg and pleas employ, wherebi seven-pound-ten a-week mai be made by ani individu, male or femal;--under everi flimsi disguis with which the swindler hide hi execr form, captain paget pli hi cruel trade, and still contriv to find fresh dupe. of cours there were occas when the pigeon were slow to flutter into the fascin snare, and when the vultur had a bad time of it; and it wa a common thing for the captain to sink from the splendour of mayfair or st. jame's-street into some dingi transpontin hide-place. but he never went back to tulliv's-terrac, though mari ann plead piteous for the payment of her poor mother's debt. when her husband wa in fund, he pat her head affection, and told her that he would see about it--i.e. the payment of mr. kepp's bill; while, if she ventur to mention the subject to him when hi purs wa scantili furnish, he would ask her fierc how he wa to satisfi her mother's extortion claim when he had not so much as a sixpenc for hi own us. 



