[ilug-social] urgent assist neededdear friend,

i am mr. sese-seko widow of late presid mobutu sese-seko of zair, now known as democrat republ of congo (drc). i am move to write you thi letter. 

thi wa in confid consid my present circumst and situat. i escap along with my husband and two of our son jame kongolo and nzanga out of democrat republ of congo (drc) to abidjan, cote'ivoir where my famili and i settl, while we later move to settl in morroco where my husband later di of cancer diseas. howev, due to thi situat we decid to chang most of my husband's billion of dollar deposit in swiss bank and other countri into other form of monei code for safe purpos becaus the new head of state of (dr) mr laurent kabila ha made arrang with the swiss govern and other european countri to freez all my late husband's treasur deposit in some european countri. 

henc, my children and i decid lai low in africa to studi the situat
till when thing get better. like now that presid kabila is dead and the son take over
(joseph kabila). on of my late husband's chateaux in southern franc wa confisc by the french govern, and as such i had to chang my ident so that my invest will not be trace and confisc.i have deposit the sum eighteen million unit state
dollar (us$18,000,000,00.) with a secur compani for safe keep. what i want you to do is to indic yourinterest that you can assist us in receiv the monei on our behalf, so that i can introduc you to my son (kongolo) who ha the out modal for the claim
of the said fund. i want you to assist in invest thi monei, but i will not want my ident reveal.i will also want to acquir real/land properti and
stock in multi-nation compani and to engag in other safe and non-specul invest as advisebi your good self. mai i at thi point emphas the high level of
confidenti, which thi upcom project demand,and hope you will not betrai the trust and
confid, which i repos in you.in conclus, if you want to assist us, my son (kongolo) shall divulgeto you all brief regard thi project, tell you where
the fund ar current be maintain and also discuss remuner for your servic.for thi reason kindli furnish us your contact inform,that is your person telephon and fax number for valid purpos and acknowledg receipt of thi mail us the abov email address.

your sincer,

mr. mariam m. seseseko.



-- 
irish linux user' group social event: social@linux.ie
http://www.linux.ie/mailman/listinfo/social for (un)subscript inform.
list maintain: listmast@linux.ie


