save £5.00 on creamfield ticketscreamfield
saturdai 24th august 2002 2pm-6am (licenc grant)
old liverpool airfield
speke road, liverpool

creamfield. it's what august bank holidai ar for.  

creamfield is the most intens, chill out, full on, laid back experi you can cram into on dai.  creamfield is the onli award-win danc festiv. it's the onli festiv to featur the best live act on an outdoor stage, leav the arena to the dj. creamfield is the best of cream, bug out!, global underground, sublimin, passion, pacha futura, frantic, nukleuz, bacardi b bar and sundai best. it just get better.

to help get the parti start (right), ticketmast have negoti an exclus offer of £5.00 off the normal price of ticket make the ticket just £41.00 plu book fee.

book here now. thi offer is onli avail until 22 june*

http://www.ticketmast.co.uk/mkt_email/mktemail.asp?id=114

the line-up includ:  

faithless
underworld
mi-teeq dj shadow
kosheen lemon jelli stanton warrior bent fc kahuna
layo and bushwacka (live) a man call adam dirti vega

paul oakenfold, sasha, deep dish, pete tong, dave clark, timo maa, 
dj tiesto, erick morillo, seb fontain, xpress 2, judg jule, yousef, tall paul, fergi, steve lawler, lotti, nick warren, sander kleinenberg, ferri corsten, armin van buuren, john kelli, sandra collin, justin robertson, umek, jon carter, jame zabiela, jfk, gui ornadel, scott bond, corvin dalek, rob da bank, paul bleasdal, jan carbon, andi carrol, richard scanti
and mani, mani more


*the offer is strictli subject to avail and doe not appli to ticket alreadi purchas.

to stai up to date with other new event on sale, sign up for ticketmast's weekli ticket alert email newslett. http://www.ticketmast.co.uk/ticket_alert/

pleas do not repli to thi email, as you will not get a respons. to remov yourself from thi mail list, pleas email here: mailto:unsubscrib@ticketmast.co.uk and write "unsubscrib" in the subject line. for all other enquiri, visit our help page: http://www.ticketmast.co.uk/help/

