[ilug] assistancefrom: col. michael bundu. 
democrat republ of congo. 
tel no: your countri intl. access code +8821652098236
email : mikebundu@rediffmail.com
dear sir/madam


seek your immedi assist. 

pleas permit me to make your acquaint in so inform a manner. thi
is necessit by my urgent need to reach a 
depend and trust worthi foreign partner. thi request mai seem strang
and unsolicit but i crave your indulg 
and prai that you view it serious. my name is col. michael bundu of the
democrat republ of congo and on of 
the close aid to the former presid of the democrat republ of
congo laurent kabila of bless memori, mai 
hi soul rest in peac. 

due to the militari campaign of laurent kabila to forc out the rebel in
my countri, i and some of my colleagu were 
instruct by late presid kabila to go abroad to purchas arm and
ammunit worth of twenti million, five hundr 
thousand unit state dollar onli (us$20,500,000.00) to fight the rebel
group. we were then given thi monei privat 
by the then presid, laurent kabila, without the knowledg of other
cabinet member. but when presid kabila 
wa kill in a bloodi shoot-out by on of hi bodyguard a dai befor we
were schedul to travel out of congo, we 
immedi decid to put the fund into a privat secur compani here
in congo for safe keep. the secur of the 
said amount is present be threaten here follow the arrest and
seizur of properti of col. rasheidi karesava 
(on of the aid to laurent kabila) a tribesman, and some other militari
personnel from our same tribe, by the new 
presid of the democrat republ of congo, the son of late presid
laurent kabila, joseph kabila. 

in view of thi, we need a reliabl and trustworthi foreign partner who
can assist us to move thi monei out of my countri 
as the beneficiari. 
we have suffici ''contact'' here to move the fund under diplomat
cover to a secur compani in europ in your 
name. thi is to ensur that the diplomat baggag is mark
''confidenti'' and it 
will not pass through normal custom/airport screen and clearanc. 

our inabl to move thi monei out of congo all thi while stem from
our lack of trust of our suppos good friend 
(western countri) who suddenli becam hostil to those of us who work
with the late presid kabila, immedi 
after hi son took offic. though we have neither seen nor met each other,
the inform we gather from an associ 
who ha work in your countri ha encourag and convinc us that with
your sincer assist, thi transact will 
be properli handl with modesti and honesti to a huge success within two
week. the said monei is a state fund and 
therefor requir a total confidenti. 

we would pleas need you to stand on our behalf as the beneficiari of thi
fund in europ. thi is becaus we ar under 
restrict movement and watch and henc we want to be veri care in
order not to lose thi fund which we have work 
so hard for. thu, if you ar will to assist us to move thi fund out
of congo, you can contact me through my email 
address, tel/fax no. abov with your telephon, fax number and person
inform to enabl us discuss the 
modal and what will be your share (percentag) for assist us.

pleas note that there ar no risk involv in thi deal as everyon's
secur is guarante if we follow the requir 
guidelin. i will henc furnish you with further detail of thi deal as
soon as i am assur of your sincer interest to assist 
us. 

i must us thi opportun and medium to implor you to exercis the
utmost indulg to keep thi matter extraordinarili 
confidenti, whatev your decis, while i await your prompt respons.
thank you and god bless. 
best regard 


col. michael bundu(rtd). m_bundu@rediffmail.com

n\b. when you ar call my line, you dial your countri intl. access
code, then you dial directli, do not includ my countri 
code i.e. (243). just dial your countri intl. access code + 88216
52098236. you can also contact me through the abov 
email address.







-- 
irish linux user' group: ilug@linux.ie
http://www.linux.ie/mailman/listinfo/ilug for (un)subscript inform.
list maintain: listmast@linux.ie


