uncc refund payment for you...uncc refund payment for you

unit nation compens commiss (uncc):
in affili with barrack obama campaign to assist scam individu in the
settlement of disput through mbnh bank plc, london , unit kingdom.


attent: sir/madam

how ar you do todai? hope all is well with you and your famili? you mai
not understand why thi mail came to you but kindli read the follow procedur
for your claim. the unit nation compens commiss (uncc) wa creat in
1991 as a subsidiari organ of the un secur council. it mandat is to process
claim and pai compens for loss and damag suffer as a direct result of
internet fraud.

the uncc in conjunct with the obama campaign on the 12th of octob
2008 organ a confeder meet which end 2 week later, with the
secretari gener to the unit nation. thi meet wa first held on the 8th of
april 2003 by the then secretari to the un. you can view thi page for your perus
(http://www.un.org/new/press/doc/2003/ik344.doc.htm).

thi email is direct to all individu that have been scam in all part of
the world. in refer to the just conclud meet, the uncc in affili
with barrack obama campaign have agre to compens them with categor
payment sum of $500,000 each. in it decis 17" of 24th march 2006, the
govern council establish basic principl for the distribut of
compens payment to success claimant. thi decis wa made two month
befor the resolut of the first instal of claim befor the commiss.
as state in the secretari-gener’s report of 2nd mai 2006, it wa anticip
that the valu of approv award would far exce the resourc avail in the
compens fund at ani given time. the govern council therefor devis a
mechan for the alloc of avail fund to success claimant that gave
prioriti to the three urgent categori of claim and which, within each
categori, would give equal treatment to similarli situat claim. onli when each
success claimant in categori "a", "b" and "c" had been paid an initi
amount up to us$2,500 would payment commenc for claim in other categori.

accordingli, the first phase of payment involv an initi payment of us$2,500
to each success individu claimant in categori "a" and "c". howev, for
humanitarian reason, all categori "b" claim will be paid in full of a total
usd$500,000. a total of us$3,252,337,997.09 wa made avail to 1,498,119
success individu claimant in categori "a", "b" and "c" under the first
phase of payment. claimant includ everi foreign contractor that mai have not
receiv their contract sum, and peopl that have had an unfinish transact or
intern busi that fail due to govern problem etc.we found
your name in our list and that is why you ar receiv thi email notif.


you ar advis herebi to contact mr. jim ovia of zenith bank plc, as he is our
repres in nigeria who will be releas your refund payment to you.
contact him immedi for your approv fund(usd$500,000). thi fund ar in a
bank draft for secur purpos, so he will send it to you and you can cash it in
ani bank of your choic.therefor, you should send him your full name, telephon
number and your correct mail address where you want him to send the draft to
you.


contact mr. jim ovia immedi for your bank draft:


person to contact: mr manuel gamallo
email: gamallomanuel@hotmail.com

thank and god bless you and your famili. hope to hear from you as soon as
you cash your bank draft. make the world a better place.


regard
 hibodi ki-moon
(un secretari-gener)
info@uncc.org.uk
http://www.un.org/sg/

