euok report share alert




euok draft 1 1


hi
everyon,


for all our new member
welcom.

 
  


we ar pleas and excit to
releas our latest pick euoko group inc, trade symbol
euok.

 
  


euok is an
elit manufactur of luxuri base beauti product, with a focu in anti
ag and wrinkl prevent.

 
  


euok gross profit ha grown by
102% for
the three month end januari 31, 2010 compar to the three month end
januari 31, 2009. gross profit margin for the three month
end wa
81%.  sale increas by
88% for the three month end januari 31,
2010 when compar to the same period in the prior year.

 
  


euok gross profit ha grown by 57% for the six month end
januari 31, 2010 compar to the six month
end januari 31, 2009. gross profit margin for the six month end wa
79%.  sale increas by 49% for the six month end januari 31, 2010
when compar to the same period in the prior year.

 
  


when benchmark against it
industri competitor revlon (rev:nyse), este
lauder (el:nyse),
shiseido, and
lvmh
(euronext: mc), euok ha had significantli more sale growth when
compar to the same period in the prior year.  

 
  







compani name




sale growth 


(3 month end q1 2010 compar to 3 month end q1
2009)


increas/(decreas)






euok




88%






este lauder compani




10%






revlon




0.73%






shiseido




(6.7%)






lvmh




11%





 
  

 
  


the growth in sale is primarili due
to the euok brand becom more establish in the
premium cosmet channel.  

 
  


euok current trade price of 0.40 is a steal.
we have been follow the cosmet and beauti industri now for quit some
time. accord to forb.com who did an articl on the growth of the
cosmet industri, beauti product gener nearli 230 billion annual
in global sale, with a consum
prefer place on product that ar high tech and natur base (favor
compani like euok). with the current statu of the compani,
euok is
pois to grab no less than 1% of global sale, ensur 230 million in gross sale for
euok. base off revenu alon that would warrant a $6.57 share
price.

 
  


the
financi speak for themselv; euok is set to make a run and is extrem undervalu.

 
  


in
the past, larg
multin corpor have domin the market place, but in recent
year boutiqu brand such as euok have been at the fore front of consum
spend. euok is readi to take full advantag of thi.
data releas from the npd group (a market info compani base in new
york) sai luxuri cosmet
have grown at an annual rate of 4% - 7% sinc 2002. este
lauder and
l’oreal have realiz thi and have been
acquir compani like
euok in order to meet the demand of
consum.


there
ar sever reason behind the growth in high-end cosmet: the expans
of new market in russia and asia; chang social norm that make
us cosmet--not to
mention undergo cosmet surgeri--more accept; celebr worship;
promot within fashion magazin; improv in the technolog that
creat makeup; the influenc of mass retail that can offer lower price,
and rais affluenc. as cosmet becom less expens, better and more
access, more affluent women--and increasingli men as well--have move
awai from older brand of makeup and skincar in search of higher-qualiti
new product and more exclus. 


euok recogn thi and ha gain retail
distribut worldwid
through it relationship with depart store retail giant such
as barnei new york, sak fifth avenu, bergdorf goodman, neiman marcu,
bliss, harrod (london), printemp (franc), la rinascent (itali) and lane
crawford (hong kong).


upper manag of euok ha a three prong approach to further drive
global brand recognit:

 
  


north america 
euok strategi
in north america is on of strong luxuri brand posit through
partnership with premier depart store and flagship locat.
euok
depart store partner includ bergdorf goodman in new york citi, barnei
new york nationwid, ogilvi, as well as boutiqu-style depart store
across usa and canada. euok also oper brand-own flagship store
in toronto and vancouv. euok subsidiari, hewitt-vevei, is posit in
medic facil and onlin, with p
lan to grow in both direct. futur expans plan includ creat
new partnership with other major depart store, as well as posit
with 5-star hotel in kei market. 
   
europ 
euok
distribut in europ vari by market but is restrict to luxuri channel
that posit the brand amongst the lead luxuri skincar brand. our
represent includ depart store and perfumeri in major market.
these channel includ printemp in franc, harrod and liberti in the uk,
la rinascent in itali, as well as perfumeri in other countri. expans
plan for europ ar focus primarili in the uk and franc with
negoti with premier depart store under wai. 
   



asia 
euok
distribut in asia vari by countri for best posit amongst the
lead luxuri brand. our major depart store partner in hong kong is
lane crawford, as well as joyc. we ar also repres through luxuri
perfumeri and spa in singapor and south eastern china. asia repres
our largest immedi growth potenti. we ar in commun with major
depart store and distributor in japan, south korea, taiwan and other
major market in china. we expect new account for euok, as well
as major interest in whiterx, an upcom product of our subsidiari,
hewitt-vevei, to drive signific growth in asia. we ar also in
commun with major retail in the middl east and russia, two
high-potenti market in which we 
ar not yet present.
 
  

 
  


corpor
summari
 
  


with confid,
we welcom you to euoko, an exclus brand that repres the cornerston
of the most innov, most uniqu skin treatment. euoko inde stand at
the intersect of the most nobl of commit to effect activ
technolog, unsurpass deliveri system, uncompromis servic and a
modern, underst imag.

 
  


  our constantli grow librari of activ principl current exhibit
102 ingredi from switzerland, spain, franc, canada, denmark, the unit
state, the amazonian rainforest, the kalahari desert and denmark. from our
most uniqu hyaluron acid with no anim origin or strepp bacteria
deriv to our recent addit of an extraordinarili effect,
ag-kill peptid that fulli mimic waglerin 1, a peptid that is found in
the venom of the templ viper, tropidolaemu wagleri, we stand strongli
behind the innov collect of the nobl ingredi found in our
product. both the safeti and effect of our ingredi ar import
to us. we avoid unnecessari preserv or stabil and respond
rapidli to emerg innov in biotechnolog, nanotechnolog, biologi,
peptid and other activ principl.

 
  


  further, our proprietari deliveri system ensur maximum stabil and
absorpt of our activ principl into the skin. thi deliveri system is
the singl kei catalyst that maxim the effect of our principl,
while make it possibl for high concentr of our principl to be
includ synergist in our formul. highlight of thi system
includ a strain of red marin alga that maxim penetr of activ
into the skin by caus a control immun respons when appli
topic. thi effect is enhanc by the deliveri action of our
micro-surfact bound to a pure grade of hyaluron acid, as well as our
uniqu time-releas technolog. everi euoko product embodi euoko’s
commit to scienc and qualiti. when you purchas a euoko treatment, you
stand confid that your purchas repres the latest scientif
discoveri that ar at the forefront of peptid-technolog, nanotechnolog,
biotechnolog and biologi – a class of confid unknown even in the
highest 
class of skincar.
 
 
 

disclosur
thi e-mail is a paid advertis from a third parti and not the compani
and is neither an offer nor recommend to bui or sell ani secur. the
purpos of thi advertis, like ani advertis, is to provid public
for the advertis compani, it product or servic. you should not reli
on the inform present; you should do independ research to form
your own opinion and decis. inform contain in our dissemin
e-mail doe not constitut invest, legal or tax advic upon which you
should reli. the purchas of high-risk secur mai result in the loss of
your entir invest.



