intern call for onli 33 cent per minut with no subscriptiondear user,

do you ever wish you could easili call peopl you know in other countri
for up to 85% less than standard call price?! and then to make these save
without have to subscrib to ani low cost call servic?! we have now
launch a product that doe exactli that!

you can now call peopl in most popular destin around the world for
onli 33 cent per minut! there ar no hidden charg, you do not need to
signup, us ani credit card, or pai ani extra bill! you can try thi
servic at no risk and choos to us it with no commit!

to us thi new servic, simpli dial our access number 1530 927 055 and
onc connect, dial the actual intern number you wish to call.

for more inform and the current list of countri you can call, 
pleas check our websit http://www.ireland.pd-dial.com/

exampl: if you want to call a german number 0567 123 124 you would:

1) dial 1 530 927 055
2) wait until you connect to our system and hear a messag ask you
   to dial the number you wish to call.
3) dial the full intern number start 00. in thi instanc 00
   (for intern) 49 (countri code for germani) 567 123 124 (their
   number without the initi zero)

you will onli pai 33 cent per minut to access our system with no further
charg for ani call you make! you can also us thi servic to make
cheap intern call from mobil too! howev pleas check the
cost of call 1530 number from your mobil if you ar unsur.

you onli ever pai for the cost of call our access number which will
appear on your normal bill. howev ani intern call you make will
not appear on your bill, so you onli ever pai 33 cent per minut when
us our servic!

if call from a mobil, pleas ensur that you do not press the green/send
kei again after diall the actual mobil number, or you will be bill
for a second call by your mobil oper.

if you have ani question or wish to contact us for more inform, 
pleas check our websit http://www.ireland.pd-dial.com/ for detail.

if you ar not interest in reduc your phone bill and would not like to
be inform of ani other similar offer from ourselv, pleas repli to thi
messag with the word unsubscrib in the subject head. if you have your
email forward, pleas ensur that you unsubscrib from the actual account
email is sent to. we apologis if thi messag ha inconvenienc you in ani
wai.


