[spam]  request your humbl assist
                   
dear sir/madam
 
firstli, i must solicit your confid in thi transact; thi is by virtu of it natur as be utterli confidenti and top secret. though i know that a transact of thi magnitud will make ani on apprehens and worri, but i am assur you that all will be well at the end of the dai. i have decid to contact you due to the urgenc of thi transact, as i have been reliabl inform of it swift and confidenti.let me start by first introduc myself properli to you. my name is barr.mumford t danso, i came to know of you in my privat search for a reliabl and reput person to handl a veri confidenti transact, which involv a huge sum of monei deposit in a secur film in malaysia if thi is truli of me, i remain my humbl self " barrist mumford t. danso by name.
 
in receipt to your profil, is a pleasur and also necessari to relat   thi issu befor your hear, my late client (mr domin dim deng) wa return with a militari deleg to the region capit, juba, from a polit confer in the town of wau on fridai, 2 mai 2008, he should had be in (juba) for a polit era, so their plan clash and my late client die. see the websit for confirm, 
 
 (http://new.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/7380412.stm). 
 
my aim of write you thi email now, is that my late client should have be in malaysia for a project on 4th night of these incid a project that worth the sum of ($25,500.000.00), twenti five million five hundr thousand dollar, deposit with a secur compani in malaysia, and he wa expect to be malaysia as soon as he return from juba, eventu thi incid occur. i need your humbl assist to retriev my late client fund from the secur compani into your care as we come over for invest as i can not come out for thi fund be hi person lawyer. all the document of thi monei and is whereabout is in my posit,if thi propos is ok by you and you do not wish to take advantag of the trust i hope to bestow on you, then kindli get to me immedi via my e-mail address furnish me with the below:
 
your most confidenti telephon
your most confidenti fax
your most confidenti e-mail address
 
send them to my email address:barmumforddanso@aol.com, so that i can forward to you the relev detail of thi transact.
 
thank you in advanc for your anticip co-oper.
regard,
barr. mumford t. danso
e-mail:barmumforddanso@aol.com
disclaim: the inform contain in thi email and ani attach is confidenti and mai be legal privileg. if the recipi of thi messag is not the intend addresse, be advis that you have receiv thi messag in error and that legal profession privileg is not waiv and you ar request to re-send to the sender and promptli delet thi email and ani attach. if you ar not the intend addresse, you ar strictli prohibit from us, reproduc, disclos or distribut the inform contain in thi email and ani attach file. curtin univers of technolog, sarawak campu ("curtin") advis that thi email and ani attach file should be scan to detect virus. curtin doe not repres or warrant that thi email includ ani attach is free from comput virus or defect. curtin shall not be respons for ani loss or damag incur in us. 


