urgent busi assist.from nobodi sun sep 18 20:45:28 2016
content-type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
content-transfer-encod: 8bit


kevin georg

abidjan,cote d'ivori
west africa

dearest on,

although we have not met, i got your contact through the internet and  decid to contact you for assist. i wa, until recent, a final  year engin student of the univers of sierra leon,west africa.  earli in januari last year, the rebel
in my countri struck our township and kill my parent in on of their attack. my late father, king christoph georg be the king of the town wa a prime target.

fortun for me, i wa in school when the attack took  place. i equal lost my onli sister to the rebel. when i got home for the remain of my parent and the subsequ burial that follow, i discov a document indic that my late father had deposit some $6m.unit state dollar(six million unit state dollar) with on of the privat secur compani here in abidjan cote d'ivori. thi monei, accord to the docement, wa meant for the build of an auto repair compani for me by my late father,when i complet my studi. upon the discoveri of thi document, i travel to the cote d'ivori to trace the concern secur compani and to make claim for the said monei as the onli surviv next
of kin to my father.

but deliberatlei, i have decid to keep all my uncl and aunt out of the issu as none of them will be happi to know i am in possess of such monei. i have succed in make the peopl at the secur compani believ that i am the next of kin and all the document relat to ar now with me. i do not know what to do with it but i have decid to contact you to seek your assist in help me to take it outfrom the secur compani and transfer it  to your account and help me to come to your countri to continu my educ and so that you will help me to get the monei invest until such a
time that i will be readi to begin to us it. i am realli desper as i am left alon now in the world.let me know what you want as compens for help
me to solv thi my problem. most importantli,iseri appeal that you maintain high level of secreci and confidenti in the whole thing.
pleas you can call me wilth is number 00225-075-03684
i remain your sincer,

kevin georg                                                                          

 

 



---------------------------------
yahoo! mail -- un adress @yahoo.fr gratuit et en françai !
