[ilug] we need your assist to invest in your countrydear sir/madam,

i am well confid of your capabl to assist me in
a transact for mutual benefit of both parti, ie
(me and you) i am also believ that you will not
expos or betrai the trust and confid i am about
to establish with you. i have decid to contact you
with greatest delight and person respect.

well, i am  victor sankoh, son to mr.fodai
sankoh
who wa arrest by the ecomog peac keep forc
month ago in my countri sierra leon.
few dai befor the arrest of my father, he confid
in me and order me to go to hi underground safe and
move out immedi, with a deposit agreement and
cash receipt he made with a secur compani in
abidjan cote d'ivoir where he deposit on iron box
contain usd$ 22 million dollar cash (twenti two
million dollar).

thi monei wa made from the sell of gold and diamond
by my father and he have alreadi
decid to us thi monei for futur invest of
the famili befor hi arrest.

thereaft, i rush down to abidjan with these
document and confirm the deposit of the box by my
father. also, i have been grant polit stai as a
refuge by the govern of côte d'ivoir.

meanwhil, my father have instruct me to look for a
trust foreign who can assist me to move out thi
monei from côte d'ivoir immedi for invest .
base on thi , i solicit for your assist to
transfer thi fund into your account, but i will
demand for the follow requir:

(1) could you provid for me a safe bank account where
thi fund will be transfer to in your countri or
anoth neaarbi countri where taxat will not
takegreat toll on the monei?

(2) could you be abl to assist me to obtain my
travel paper after thi transfer to enabl me
come over to meet you in your countri for
theinvest of thi monei?

(3) could you be abl to introduc me to a profit
busi ventur that would not requir much technic
expertis in your countri where part of thi fund
willb invest?

pleas, all these requir ar urgent need as
it will enabl me to establish a stronger busi
relationship with you henc i will like you to be the
gener overs of the invest thereaft. i am a
christian and i will pleas, want you to handl thi
transact base on the trust i have establish
on you.

for your assist in thi transact, i have
decid to offer you 12% percent commiss of the
total amount at the end of thi busi. the secur
of thi busi is veri import to me and as such,
i would like you to keep thi busi veri
confidenti. i shall be expect your urgent repli.
thank you and god bless you.

victor sankoh





-- 
irish linux user' group: ilug@linux.ie
http://www.linux.ie/mailman/listinfo/ilug for (un)subscript inform.
list maintain: listmast@linux.ie


