[ilug] businesscentr bank of nigeria
foreign remitt dept.
tinubu squar, lago  nigeria
email-smith_j@mailsurf.com
23th of august 2002

attn:presid/ceo


                    strictli privat busi propos
i am mr.johnson s. abu, the bill and exchang director at the
foreignremitt depart of the central bank of nigeria.  i am 
writingy
thi letter to ask for your support and cooper to carri thisbusi
opportun in my depart.  we discov abandon the sumof
us$37,400,000.00 (thirti seven million four hundr thousand unitedst
dollar) in an account that belong to on of our foreign custom,an
american
late engr. john creek (junior) an oil merchant with the feder govern
of
nigeria who di along with hi entir famili of a wifeand two children in
kenya airbu (a310-300) flight kq430 in novemb2000.

sinc we heard of hi death, we have been expect hi next of kin tocom
over
and put claim for hi monei as the heir, becaus we cannotreleas the fund
from hi account unless someon appli for claim asth next  of kin to the
deceas as indic in our bank guidelin. unfortun, neither
their
famili member nor distant rel hasappear to claim the said fund.  upon
thi discoveri, i and other officialsin my depart have agre to make
busi with you releas the totalamount into your account as the heir of
the
fund sinc no on came forit or discov either maintain account with
our
bank, other wiseth fund will be return to the bank treasuri as unclaim
fund.

we have agre that our ratio of share will be as state thu: 30%for
you as
foreign partner and 70% for us the offici in my depart.

upon the success complet of thi transfer, my colleagu and i
willcom to
your countri and mind our share. it is from our 60% we intendto import
comput
accessori into my countri as wai of recycl thefund.  to commenc thi
transact we requir you to immedi indicateyour interest by call
me
or send me a fax immedi on the abovetelefax # and enclos your
privat
contact telephon #, fax #, full nameand address and your design
bank co-
 ordin to enabl us filelett of  claim to the appropri depart
for
necessari approvalsbefor the transfer can be made.

note also, thi transact must be kept strictli confidenti becauseof it
natur.

nb: pleas rememb to give me your phone and fax no

mr.johnson smith  abu

-- 
irish linux user' group: ilug@linux.ie
http://www.linux.ie/mailman/listinfo/ilug for (un)subscript inform.
list maintain: listmast@linux.ie

