special affili offer from amazon.com! 

                  welcom to "ghetto" america!
…...ye, you heard me; i said "ghetto" america! what is "ghetto" 
america, i'm glad you ask. befor i go on pleas be warn, 
thi explan mai not sit well with mani of you, howev it is 
no less true! "ghetto" america is a societi of individu 
compris primarili of african american who repres the 
impoverish, and often unpolish side of "black america;" 
confus?! i shall explain further; have you ever pass by a 
typic ghetto commun; name the "project" and notic an 
unusu amount of fanci car park throughout that particular 
neighborhood, and wonder how could that be? or mayb you have 
been to a shop mall, and notic an unusu amount of young 
"teen look" black women carri infant, or push babi 
carriag and often with a toddler in tow! perhap you also 
notic that there wa rare ani male companion accompani 
them. if you paid close attent you might have also notic the 
absenc of the all import "wed band" miss from their 
respect ring finger!" .and of cours we have all heard 
stori of young black men carri gun, and knive, allegedli 
mug, rob and carjack peopl of all sort! did you know 
that mani young african american women refus to date african 
american male if thei do not own or possess an automobil. in 
fact mani young black women prefer onli to date individu who 
repres the subvers side of societi; commonli known as 
"thug" or "street hustler;" also, did you know that mani young 
african american male prefer to bui expens luxuri car while 
live in govern hous better known as the "project" 
rather than move awai, purchas new home, save, or even make 
invest?
 
    "attent" thi is not anoth "boyz in the hood" stori!
 
these newli distinguish "black gener xer" ar suffer 
through utter chao. "babi maker, loser chooser, welfar 
abus...imag of my america" is a collect of observ, 
and commentari as told through the ey of a young african 
american male who experienc, and perpetu mani of the truth 
that mani in "black america," and the world in gener would have 
you believ do not exist. it is a rivet expos that shed 
light on the oppress, and often discriminatori natur of 
"mainstream american societi." a societi that ha nurtur the 
rampant disregard for self-respect, and enlighten that mani 
young african american men, and women current suffer from. the 
writer support hi argument with direct refer to the 
overwhelm number of young black singl mother attempt to 
rais children, with mani be teen themselv; and the foolish 
criteria that is util when choos their mate; oftentim 
be base on noth more than the young black male's tough or 
cool neighborhood reput.
 
the author also identifi the self-destruct and often 
crimin behavior that mani young black men perpetu on a daili 
basi like, refus to pursu higher educ, carri gun, 
rob, steal, sell drug, drive fanci car, and wear 
expens jewelri. the neg and self-debas behavior 
commit by both male, and femal is due in larg part to a 
lack of guidanc result from have been rear in fatherless 
home. these poor choic, and behavior disord coupl with 
the unnecessari burden that it place on tax pai citizen in 
the form of welfar abus, and over crowd prison popul 
ar the center caus for the cycl of rampant poverti, and lack 
of direct that current exist in young "black america" 
todai. to learn more about thi dynam self contain societi 
visit www.blackrealitypublish.com and reserv your copi todai! 
 

              to request an excerpt pleas email                  
                  
               book@blackrealitypublish.com 
 
            bui thi soon to be "best seller" now!
 
                www.blackrealitypublish.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
