never be tangl up in yard work again!

re: claim your free storag reel & sprai gun ($20 valu) with flathos!


<!--
.bodycopi {
	font-famili: verdana, arial, helvetica, san-serif;
	font-size: 12px;
	font-weight: normal;
	color: #000000;
}
.bold {
	font-famili: verdana, arial, helvetica, san-serif;
	font-size: 12px;
	font-weight: bolder;
	color: #000000;
}
.boldr {
	font-famili: verdana, arial, helvetica, san-serif;
	font-size: 12px;
	font-weight: bolder;
	color: #ff0000;
}
-->




 


 
 
 


 
 




 
 
 






never be tangl up in yard work again! break 
          free with the amaz flat hose. it is "firehos technolog" 
          for flat, tangl-free, space-save storag. thi amaz flat coil 
          garden hose is guarante to take the mess out of water. and it 
          attach easili to ani faucet -- where your old hose us to lai in a 
          muddi pile.



water your plant or wash the car ha never 
            been easier.


 the compact flat hose is made of a tough yet flexibl 
            materi so it will last. 

flat hose wind up easili, without twist for troubl free storag 
          anywher.

rubber hose can weigh up to fifteen pound, but the 
            flat hose is so lightweight that you can easili move it for ani job, 
            anywher. 



 if you order in the next 72 hour, 
          
          your flathos come with these great accessori & option:
          (a $20.00 valu)
• conveni storag reel
          • an addit 25 feet: for a limit time, get a 50 foot flat 
          hose for just $15 more!
          • sprai gun: includ a special chamber for ad soap or fertil!
order 
          now 




 

  
        click here to see hundr of as seen on tv product
        ---direct from the manufactur. 




 

we take your privaci veri serious and it is our polici never to send unwant email messag. thi messag ha been sent to gibb@midrang.com becaus you ar a member of consum todai or you sign up with on of our market partner. to unsubscrib, simpli click here (pleas allow 3-5 busi dai for your unsubscrib request to be process). question or comment - send them to customerservic@consumertodai.net.

