a cry for helpdear friend,i am mr.  sese-seko widow of late presid mobutu
sese-seko of zair? now known as democrat republ
of congo (drc).  i am move to write you thi letter,
thi wa in confid  consid my presentcircumst and situat.
i escap along with my husband and two of our son
georg  kongolo  and basher  out of democrat republ of
congo (drc) to abidjan, cote d'ivoir where my famili
and i settl, while we later move  to settl in
morroco where my husband later di of cancer
diseas. howev due to thi situat we decid to
chang  most of my husband's billion of dollar
deposit in swiss bank and other countri into other
form of monei code for  safe purpos becaus the new
head of state of (dr) mr laurent  kabila ha made
arrang with the swiss govern and other
european countri to freez all my late husband's
treasur  deposit in some european countri. henc
my children and i decid lai low in africa to
studi the situat till  when thing get better,
like now that presid kabila is dead and the son
take over (joseph kabila). on of my late husband's
chateaux in southern franc wa confisc  by the
french govern, and as such i had to chang my
ident  so that my invest will not be trace and
confisc. i have deposit the sum eighteen million
unit state dollar(us$18,000,000,00.)  with a
secur compani , for safekeep. the  fund ar
secur code to prevent them from
know the content. what i want you to do is to
indic your interest that you will assist us by receiv the monei on our
behalf.acknowledg thi messag, so that i can introduc you to my son
(kongolo) who ha the out modal for the claim of the said fund. i
want you to assist in invest thi monei, but i will not want my ident
reveal. i will also want to bui properti and stock in multi-nation
compani and to engag in other safe and
non-specul invest. mai i at thi point
emphasis the high level of confidenti,  which
thi busi demand, and hope you will not betrai
the trust and confid, which i repos in you. in
conclus,  if you want to assist us , my son shall
put you in the pictur  of the busi, tell you
where the fund ar current be  maintain and
also discuss other modal includ remunerationfor your servic.
for thi reason kindli furnish us your contact
inform, that is your person telephon and fax
number for confidenti purpos.best regard,mr m. sese seko



