[ilug] import.
>>from the desk of: dr. samuel eboka.
tel no: your intl. access code + 873762692484
fax no: your intl. access code + 873762692485
email : samueleboka2@email.com
lago, nigeria.
dear sir,

import.

after due deliber with my colleagu, we have decid to forward to
you thi busi propos. we want a reliabl 
person who could assist us in the transfer the sum of twenti million, five
hundr thousand unit state dollar ( 
$20,500,000 ). via intern bank draft cashabl in ani first world
countri.

thi fund result from an over-invoic bill from contract award by us
under the budget alloc to our ministri. thi 
bill ha been approv for payment by the other concern ministri. the
contract ha sinc been execut, 
commiss and the contractor wa paid the actual cost of the contract.
we ar left with the balanc us$20.5m as part 
of the over-invoic amount which we have deliber over estim for
our own us. but under our protocol divis, we 
as civil servant ar forbidden to oper or own foreign account. thi
is why we ar solicit your assist in thi 
manner and regard .

as you mai want to know and to make you less curiou, i got your address
from advert in the busi directori . i am the 
chief account/intern auditor of the contract award committe ( cac )
of the nigerian nation petroleum corpor 
( nnpc). thi transact is veri much free from all sort of risk and
troubl from my govern. we the n.n.p.c. 
offici involv in thi deal have put in mani year in servic to thi
ministri. we have been exercis patienc for thi 
opportun for so long and to most of us thi is a life time opportun
we cannot afford to miss.

we have agre to compens you duli if agreement is reach by both of
us and i and on of my colleagu 
involv in thi deal will come to your countri to arrang for our share,
upon the confirm from you that the certifi 
intern bank draft ha been approv and rais in your favor.

consequ upon your accept of thi propos, kindli confirm your
interest by telephon to me, through my direct tel 
no: +873-762-692484. (pleas call direct, do not add my countri(234) and
citi(1) code ) . your indic by revert 
telephon to me of your sincer and seriou interest will enabl me fax
you or brief you of  the procedur for thi 
transact. if my line is busi, pleas keep try you will sure get
through.
note: in the event of your inabl to handl thi transact pleas
inform us so that we can look for anoth reliabl 
person who can assist in thi respect. 

it might surpris you why we choos you and trust you for thi
transact. ye, we believ that good friend can be 
discov and busi like thi can not be realiz without mutual
trust. thi is why we have decid to trust you for thi 
transact. be further inform that everyon’s interest and
secur had been consid befor you were contact, so be rest assur
and feel free to go into thi transact with 
us.
but let honesti and trust be our watchword throughout thi transact and
your prompt repli will be highli appreci. 
thank you, and god bless.

best regard,

dr. samuel  eboka.

note:- that you can us thi altern email address:
samueleboka2@email.com , sameboka@uymail.com

-- 
irish linux user' group: ilug@linux.ie
http://www.linux.ie/mailman/listinfo/ilug for (un)subscript inform.
list maintain: listmast@linux.ie

