free ltci polici comparison softwarefrom nobodi sun sep 18 20:45:30 2016
content-type: text/plain;
	charset="window-1252"
content-transfer-encod: 7bit

 group worksit ltci with phylli shelton "the first ladi of ltci" and
insuranceiq
 free with purchas: ltc polici comparison softwar! free with purchas:
ltc polici comparison softwar!	 	
 long term care insur worksit market system 	
 

take advantag of the most current inform avail concern the
group ltci market. develop after month of exhaust research and
agent interview, the worksit market system is the resourc for
success group enrol.

includ with your order:
? agent manual - all the "how-to" info includ an implement
schedul 
? benefit manag flip chart 
? present/sale script which promot long term care insur as
"product
  insur"
? benefit manag sale brochur 
? benefit manag direct mail letter 
? employ announc letter 
? seven (7) newslett/e-mail articl to promot employe educ
prior to meet 
? 50 each of five (5) payrol stuffer 
? 50 each of three (3) employe seminar poster 
? employe educ present on cd-rom 
? 150 employe educ brochur which promot long term care
insur as 
   "lifestyl insur" 
? "the secret of a success group enrol" instruct audiotap 
? a handsom gold emboss binder with storag pocket

click here for more inform and price
 

 bonu! free with your order: the ltc polici comparison - a $120 valu!	
 
 click here to view a demo pdf!
  	
thi comprehens ltci polici review compar over 40 major compani
in 17 benefit and rate/asset categori and includ a premium
comparison for a 60 year old coupl.

over 210 polici ar cover in thi semi-annual public. thi is
the oldest ltc polici comparison in the nation and is a valuabl tool
for ani agent sell ltc insur todai.

(older gener polici ar kept after new polici ar introduc
becaus agent encount the older polici in the field.)

the cd-rom version allow you to compar up to three compani at a time
in ani of the 17 categori. you'll also receiv a spreadsheet version
to take with you all the time.

we don't want anybodi to receiv our mail who doe not wish to
receiv them. thi is profession commun sent to insur
profession. to be remov from thi mail list, do not repli to
thi messag. instead, go here: http://www.insurancemail.net
 
legal notic 
