get system run at top speed now




dk


















solv your fragment problem—automat.

the next evolut in defragment softwar, diskeep 2008, is the most power, comprehens, and user-friendli defrag program ever design. it handl the harshest hard-drive condit and automat adapt to your system need.
with fragment elimin; perform soar. system ar maintain and protect, give network system more reliabl. try diskeep 2008 todai.


among diskeep's latest ground-break featur ar the follow:
 






new! invisitask  — work invis, behind the scene. it onli util untap idl resourc so diskeep can automat defrag your comput in real time.
																			
																			 





new! real-time file defragment — no need to schedul downtim for clumsi mainten process. the defragment run unnot in the background, automat. 
																		
																		 




new! intellig defragment — recogn volum usag and devis a defrag process around the specif need of each individu system. 
																		
																		 




new! frag shield™ 2.0 — protect and defend against crash-induc fragment on critic system file. 





new! i-faast™ 2.0  (intellig file access acceler sequenc technolog) — uniqu file sequenc system that open up connect to your most frequent us file and speed up access as much as 80%.1





new! terabyt volum engin™ — power engin special design to defrag high-traffic server and enorm volum (e.g. na, raid, san, etc.).2 




let new diskeep 2008 clean up the data gridlock that fragment caus on your system. 


haven't tri diskeep? download free 30-dai full version softwar now!
1 i-faast is avail in diskeep pro premier, server, and enterpriseserv edit.
2 terabyt volum engin is avail in diskeep enterpriseserv edit. 

























notic: we period send new product inform electron or survei those individu who voluntarili give us their e-mail address. we hope you enjoi receiv thi time inform. howev, if you would like to remov yourself from thi list, pleas do not repli to thi e-mail to be remov.
you have receiv thi messag at the e-mail address: hibodi@csmine.org
													to unsubscrib, send the abov e-mail address in the bodi of a messag along with your name, on a separ line, to unsubscrib@diskeep.com.


© 2007 diskeep corpor. all right reserv. diskeep, invisitask, maxim perform and reliabl—automat, i-faast, frag shield, terabyt volum engin, and the diskeep corpor logo ar either regist trademark or trademark own by diskeep corpor in the unit state and/or other countri. all other trademark and brand name ar the properti of the respect owner. diskeep corpor, 7590 n. glenoak blvd., burbank, ca 91504











