plan for cabl

want to watch sport event?--movi?--pai-per-view?? 
you can assembl from electron store part for about $12.00.
we send you:
e-z to follow assembl instruct
e-z to read origin draw.
electron part list.
plu someth new you must have! 
someth you can't do without. 
the up-to-date report: us a descrambl legal 
warn: you should not build a tv descrambl without 
read thi report first. 
frequent ask question--cabl tv descrambl 
q: will the descrambl work on fiber, tci, jarrod 
a: the answer is ye. 
q: do i need a convert box?
a: thi plan work with or without a convert box.
specif instruct ar includ in the plan for each! 
q: can the cabl compani detect that i have the descrambl?
a: no, the signal descrambl right at the box and doe
not move back through the line! 
q: do i have to alter my exist cabl system, 
televis or vcr?
a: the answer is no! 
q: doe thi work with my remot control?
a: the answer is ye. the descrambl is 
manual control--but veri easi to us! 
q: can you email me the plan?
a: no the program come with an easi to follow pictur guid. 
q: doe thi work everywher across the countri?
a: ye, everi where in the usa plu england,
brazil, canada and other countri! 
q: is thi deal guarante?
a: ye, if you ar unhappi for ani reason we will refund your monei.

order inform 
act within the next 7 dai and receiv two free bonu!!
the cabl manual! thi manual contain hard to find inform your
cabl compani doe not want you to know. also receiv the radar
jammer plan! never get anoth speed ticket. build you own
radar jammer, thi unit will jam polic radar so thei can't get a 
read on 
your vechicl. radar jammer ar legal in 48 state. it is simpl to 
build.

the free bonus alon ar worth act now! 
the cabl descrambl kit come with a thirti dai
monei back guarante! if your not complet satisfi,
send the cabl descrambl kit back and you keep
the bonus for free. you have noth to lose!!

regular price $19.95 act within the next 7 dai
and receiv for $12.95 act now!! 

simpli send $12.95 that's right onli $12.95 but you must 
act within 7 dai for thi special price!!!

send $12.95 check or monei order.

to:

gpg softwar
12105 west center rd #382
omaha, ne 68144


thi inform is sold for educ purpos onli


if you would like to be remov richeyg40@yahoo.com






























