a situat that could revolution the health care industryd: tuesdai, juli 9, 2002



ibxg e-mailer 7/9/02





  rapid 
        growth health care compani: stock symbol “ibxg” trade around 
        16 cent

 
        market watch corpor

revenu 
        to soar over 500% to $18 million for 
        otc-bb "ibxg" 
        acquisit of two cybercar, inc. oper unit move forward

 
otc-bb symbol: ibxg
share outstand (est.):
38,983,380
float (est.): 7,887,966
recent price: 16 cent
year low/high:
$0.10 - $0.90
contact: 561-998-3435
websit: market 
        watch corpor, ibx group, inc.
press releas:
ibxg 
        press releas


 a 
        situat that could revolution the health care industri
 

 



strong health care sector growth 
               most investor desir to be in a stock from the begin 
              of it growth, “ibxg” is on of those opportun. 
              revenu to increas over 500 % 
              to over $18 million from $3 million with it 
              pend acquisit of 47 physic therapi outpati center and 
              institut pharmaci busi, current own by cybercar, 
              inc. “ibxg” also just announc a nation allianc 
              with patient-pai.com 
              that will enabl “ibxg” to market it servic on a 
              nation scale. we believ the potenti is enorm for thi expand 
              dynam health care inform technolog compani.

health care sector rerepres 15% of the total us 
              gross domest product while inflat 
              in the us ha been around 2% per year, the us health care’s 
              inflationari rate rose over 11% per year. health care cost ar 
              spiral out of control. “ibxg” provid technolog 
              base product and servic in full complianc with newli mandat 
              govern requir (hipaa), that help medic profession 
              save time and monei, by util “ibxg”s state of the 
              art system.

understand hipaa 
              the health insur portabl and account act of 1996 
              (public law 104-191), 
              also known as hipaa, wa enact as part of a broad congression 
              attempt at increment healthcar reform. part of the law requir 
              the us dept. of health and human servic (dhh) to develop standard 
              and requir for mainten and transmiss of health inform 
              that identifi individu patient. the requir outlin by 
              the law ar far-reach for all healthcar organ that maintain 
              or transmit electron health inform must compli. “ibxg” 
              offer all health care provid with a viabl, alreadi in place 
              solut to “hipaa” complianc.

ibxg  special in health data manag 
              it is a huge market compris of over on million health care profession. 
              thi compani ha emerg, with solut to mani problem face 
              the health care industri, by provid health care profession 
              the abil to deliv outstand patient care with optimum effici. 
              in past year, ventur capitalist have invest more than $20 billion 
              in inform technolog compani, confirm a veri larg financi 
              interest in the health care sector.

              will ibxg revolution the health care industri? 
              thei could. virtual everi aspect of the wai health care is deliv 
              is impact in a posit fashion, by ibxg's technolog. ibxg ha 
              develop and deploi innov, cost-effect method for integr 
              financi, administr and inform servic for the health 
              care industri. util in-hous develop capabl combin 
              with the latest technolog and internet–base commun 
              servic, “ibxg” assist hospit-base physician group, 
              multi-physician specialti practic and health care servic organ 
              in manag the effici of account receiv, workflow and complianc.virtual 
              everi aspect of the wai health care is deliv. imagin your doctor 
              be abl to access your medic record from ani locat, anywher 
              in the world . . . instantli! 
 

outstand 
            recent develop

 revenu to increas over 500% to $18 
                million. 
 nation allianc with patient-pai.com. 
               wall street corpor report interview, avail 
                here 
                juli 15, 2002. 
               signific gain in quarterli year to year revenu.
               extens of agreement with intracoast health system and 
                provid hospit (on of ascens 
                health group’s 87 affili hospit). 
               increas revenu with cerberu capit manag, l.p.,a 
                multi-billion dollar new york hedg fund. 
               servic contract with mdvip, 
                mdvip wa featur in an nbc nightli new tom 
                brokaw interview. 
               acquir sportshealthnet.com. 
               contract with award win softwar compani, millbrook 
                softwar corpor for addit revenu. 
               two nation product launch were announc, on for the
$1.5 billion durabl medic equip industri and the 
                other a proprietari onlin consum medic report and inform 
                servic. 
               allianc with sun 
                capit that will allow ibxg to offer account receiv 
                fund program nationwid. 
               extend partnership allianc with advanc inform technolog 
                that tap the $5 billion document manag industri. 
               allianc with digit 
                ingenu to provid internet- protocol telephoni 
                servic (a billion-dollar industri).
            
 


 




disclaim 
        & disclosur: market watch corpor is not a regist 
        financi advisori. the inform present by market watch corpor 
        is not an offer to bui or sell secur. market watch corpor accumul 
        inform base from public sourc and the advertis compani, then 
        distribut opinion and comment. penni stock ar consid to be highli 
        specul and mai be unsuit for all but veri aggress investor. 
        market watch corpor mai hold posit in compani mention and 
        mai bui or sell at ani time. thi profil of ibxg wa a paid advertis 
        by ibxg. ibxg ha paid market watch corpor $3,500 for thi advertis 
        and 750,000 restrict share for investor awar servic for on 
        year, an affili compani of market watch corpor ha been paid 
        250,000 restrict share of ibxg stock from a third parti sharehold. 
        pleas alwai consult a regist financi advisor befor make ani 
        decis. inform within thi advertis contain forward look 
        statement within the mean of section 27(e) of the u.s. secur 
        act of 1933 and section 21(g) of the u.s. secur exchang act of 1934 
        and the privat secur litig reform act of 1995. forward look 
        statement ar base on expect, estim and project at the 
        time the statement ar made that involv a number of risk and uncertainti 
        which could caus actual result or event to differ materi from those 
        present anticip. forward look statement mai be identifi through 
        the us of word such as expect, will, anticip, estim, believ, 
        or by statement indic certain action mai, could or might occur. 
        we encourag our reader to invest carefulli and read the investor inform 
        avail at the web site of the u.s. secur and exchang commiss 
        (sec) at http://www.sec.gov and/or the 
        nation associ of secur dealer (nasd) at http://www.nasd.com. 
        reader can review all public file by compani at the sec’s 
        edgar page. the nasd ha publish inform on how to invest carefulli 
        at it web site.


 
 you ar receiv 
      thi messag becaus you subscrib on on of our partner site us the 
      refer a friend page. we valu privaci as our client demand it and we  
      will gladli unsubscrib you upon request. to send a request, simpli
      click here and follow direct. we 
      guarante that you will be unsubscrib within 48 hour. nurel is 
      onli the deliveri sourc for thi messag.  under sec rule, we ar 
      requir to inform you that we were paid three thousand five hundr 
      dollar (us) for our servic which is limit to the deliveri of thi 
      messag onli. 

thank you.

(c) 2002 nurel






applylead v3.2 commerci e-mail list manag.
http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


