pass-through public ar here
digit author tool : featur product alert













todai you had 100 digit web book download and within two week there ar 600 circul. 
two month later you have 4000 in the marketplac. tidal wave or viral market is a wonder of our new societi. see how major corpor have alreadi embrac digit page author.
 

imagin a tool that is veri easi to learn yet will enabl you to creat brilliant, 3d, real-life, book-like, page-turn digit document that you can distribut via the internet, store on web-site and send on floppi or a cd-rom, complet with activ web and email link!

view sampl 
download free softwar 

digit page author enabl compani and 
      individu to produc their own profession look catalogu, 
      brochur, photo album, invit and more--in-hous--without the associ cost 
      of an outsid design and/or print shop.due to their extremli 
      small file size, digit web book creat with digit page author can be 
      sent via email or quickli download onto a pc. in minut, a busi can 
      creat it own virtual catalogu in a format ani window pc can displai, 
      while ensur the content cannot be copi by the 
  viewer. the option secur plugin provid  viru proof distribut includ transport through firewal. 






the digit 
      web book format present sever opportun, none more import than 
      the incred pass-on ratio of each 
      brochur/public.
digit web 
      book ar extrem small in file size, present a familiar navig 
      system and can be us to attract new member. 
why ar 
      peopl attract to digit web book?  it's the look and feel of a 
      tradit brochur that captur the imagin of the end user. there 
      ar sever page transit choic, but the 3d page-turn realli stand out.
possibl usescatalogu - flyer - 
      brochur - annual report - photo album - newslett - media kit - 
      work portfolio - corpor present - manual - book - magazin - 
      novel newspap - sale present - market collater - intranet 
      public - restaur menu - educ materi - refer 
      materi - email promot - corpor / product profil - guid - 
      report - brief - directori - and much, much more!



digit page author 
            featur


produc 3d page-turn digit catalogu, manual, 
            photo album, etc.


a 
            univers understood format.


wsiwyg page creation and edit. 


cut 
            and past featur, intern imag manipul, hotlink to page, web 
            site, email and even other file. 


set 
            auto page turn for trade show or in-store 
present.


digit web book file size ar small and easili distribut by 
            email, download or on floppi/cd. 


no 
            browser requir--no download of softwar or plug-in. 
        


page 
            fit your desktop screen--no scroll requir. specifi on of 6 
            page transit: fly, turn, wipe, slide. printabl page. 
          


suitabl for all window-base pc, but current non-mac 
            compat.



benefit




fast 
            to learn and easi to us, the net book author interfac is design 
            with the averag pc user in mind. 


save 
            print and distribut cost associ with print media. 
          


no 
            scroll to view each page within pc screen--turn page like a 
            real book.


easi 
            to distribut: via the web, email, floppi or cd-rom. 


easili pass on by email. 


recipi of the book can store, view and interact with it 
            content off-line. 


drive traffic to your web site. 


encourag custom loyalti/repeat purchas. 



perman inform is 
      read-onli.
system and softwar requir window 95, 98, 
      me, nt 4.0, 2000, xpcurrent not mac compatablehardwar 
      requir (minimum recommend)300 mhz processor or faster64 mb 
      ram8 mb video graphic adapt20 mb free disk 
      spaceoth requir internet connect 
      for product registr
click here to 
      unsubscrib


download free evalu | 
      download sampl | bui now!


if you have troubl download the free softwar, pleas open thi mail again soon to retri, as server demand ar current high for thi limit time free softwar offer.



copyright © 2002 - resel partner id# 1067 - *4 page limit

3156bryq4-819isn3103dazp9-826xdxo9238ndkx4-186zppl998l51
