from michael  bantufrom nobodi sun sep 18 20:45:31 2016
content-type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
content-transfer-encod: 8bit

i have a new email address!you can now email me at: mikebantu2002@yahoo.co.uk

from: account. michael bantu

johannesburg south africa 


attent: dear friend 

i am michael bantu the chief account of absa bank benoni branch south africa i am make thi contact with you base on the need for an individu / compani who is will to assist me with a solut to a monei transfer. 


there is an account which i have been the account offic sinc 1999 and till 2003  and nobodi ha oper on thi account again after go through some old file in the record, i discov that if i do not remit thi monei out urgent it would be forfeit for noth. the owner of thi account is mr. moham el zaki, a foreign, and acontractor to the beer diamond compani, who di sinc 2000.no other person know thi account or anyth concern it, the account ha no other beneficiari and my investig prove to me as well that thi compani doe not know anyth about thi account and the monei becaus i have been updat report to the bank sinc the death of the owner (mr. moham el zaki) the monei involv is 15 million fifteen million   unit state dollar (us$ 15,500,000 million).i want thi monei into your safe oversea account as soon as possibl. 

i am seek your assist as a foreign, sinc as civil servant i am not allow to oper foreign account with such amount. should you be will to assist in thi

transact your share as compens will be (30%) while my colleagu and i receiv (65%) and the balanc (5%) for ani expens that mai be incur by either parti. 

the busi is complet safe and secur, provid you treat it with utmost confidenti. it doe not matter also your area of special, is not a hindranc to the success execut of thi transact. we have repos confid in you and hope that you will not disappoint me.


note that the transact will onli take 10 work dai if trust and work with on mind, all document regard to the success of thi transact ar with me.

 

i am readi to go into busi partnership with you as soon as the monei is transfer into your account.

upon your accept of thi transact, send me your privat phone and fax number for easier commun


thank you in anticip of your co-oper. 

regard, 

michael bantu

 



- michael bantu

