[lockergnom penguin shell]  karaok kernel

<!--
 bodi      { background-imag: url(http://www.lockergnom.com/imag/issu/top-right.gif); scrollbar-3dlight-color: #dadada; scrollbar-arrow-color: #17514b; scrollbar-base-color: #007c7a; scrollbar-darkshadow-color: #808080; scrollbar-face-color: #c0c0c0; scrollbar-highlight-color: #dadada; scrollbar-shadow-color: #808080 }
 a:link    { color: red; text-decor: underlin }
 a:visit { color: #ff8080; text-decor: underlin }
 a:activ  { color: #000000; text-decor: none }
 a:hover   { color: #820000; text-decor: none }
 p.titl   { background: #c0c0c0; border-bottom: #808080 4px solid; border-left: #dadada 4px solid; border-right: #808080 4px solid; border-top: #dadada 4px solid; color: #000000; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: normal }
 p.new    { background: #c0c0c0; border-bottom: #808080 4px solid; border-left: #dadada 4px solid; border-right: #808080 4px solid; border-top: #dadada 4px solid; color: #000000; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 18pt; font-weight: normal }
 p.sidebar { background: #dadada; border-bottom: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-left: #ffffff 3px solid; border-right: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-top: #ffffff 3px solid; color: #000000; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center }
 .link     { background: #dadada; border-bottom: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-left: #ffffff 3px solid; border-right: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-top: #ffffff 3px solid; color: #808080; font-size: 9pt; font-famili: verdana; font-weight: bold; pad: 3px; width: 100% }
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-famili: verdana, tahoma, arial }
 .fix    { font-famili: courier, courier new; font-size: 10px }
-->
07.10.2002 lockergnom penguin shell

















  07.10.2002 penguinreport


career servic from lockergnom and dice.com: we've team up with
dice.com to bring you a full servic i.t. career enhanc solut.
whether you ar look for your
dream job
or try to
hire talent peopl,
the full-featur career resourc center is the place to start. find your
it talent solut
todai!

i've just got a few quick thought todai.

first, the search is underwai for the host solut mention in mondai's penguin shell. the respons ha been great, with more than two dozen offer of web space for the foundat for children and youth with diabet. it gratifi to see our commun ralli around a great caus. know that whether you answer the call or not, you're in the electron compani of some care and compassion folk. i've not yet heard whether a solut ha been found from among the mani offer, but i'll certainli keep you post on the outcom.

second, a few final clarif on the 4th of juli bruhaha. a reader brought to my attent that, though he didn't believ it to be the case, offer my opinion on the state of america could be seen as troll. that certainli wasn't intend. also, i've seen much email over the past week that start with, "sinc you publish the opinion of someon outsid the us, i'd expect that you'll publish an opinion in disagr." well, i did that alreadi - it wa my own opinion that start the discuss. i can clearli see the potenti for thi to get out of hand. so, thi will be the last word on the subject. thank for your opinion and your discuss, the vast major of which wa well-thought and reason. both side were present and we're move on.

on to some lockergnom new. if you haven't alreadi heard, 
clevermedia is sponsor karaok night at gnomedex. accord to the woman with her finger on the puls of gnomedex, lori lockwood, "there is definit a 'surpris' in the work for the attende ... " hmmm. could it even compar to last year's miss gnomedex contest? i think it unlik. in ani regard, the folk at clevermedia ar certainli more than capabl of come up with load of fun -- it's what thei do for a live! between leo laport, doc searl, steve gibson, mark thompson, evan william, and too mani other to mention, you'd be silli to miss out.

onward. have a great dai.
toni
steidler-dennison       

 gnometweak


lockergnom reader, save 50% on the comput encyclopedia!
ar you look for the ultim comput resourc? discov the
comput encyclopedia from smart comput.  regular price $59,
special offer for lockergnom reader,
get your set todai, onli $29.95!

window app in linux? - part ii

i don't want to minc ani word, here. codeweav ha realli hit a sweet spot with their recent-releas crossov offic product. thi is, quit simpli, the fulfil of the promis of the wine project. us thi slick littl app, virtual all the applic in the microsoft offic suit ar fulli function in linux. frankli, i never thought i'd see the dai when run window app in linux wa excit. mayb it's time to take up shuck ic cube in the blast land.

let's break thi product up a bit. if purchas as a bundl, both crossov offic and crossov plugin (as we discuss yesterdai) share an instal script. thei do, howev, requir separ instal process, so thei need to be launch individu from a share window.

i start the crossov offic instal, drop my offic 2000 disc in the cd drive, and fire up the instal. it look and perform exactli as you'd expect to see it in window. i wa abl to custom the instal, as i alwai have, then let it run. at the end of the process, crossov offic "fake" a window reboot and the offic suit instal is complet.

even internet explor 5.0 is instal. there's an option in the crossov offic packag to instal ie 5.5 but, to my chagrin, thi wa the on area of the instal that fail. actual, the instal itself mai have succeed - i wa just left without an ie browser follow the upgrad. it's hard to tell whether that wa a fault in crossov offic, or in the ie program itself.

for the most part, these app perform in linux as thei do in window. the ie instal wa a bit kludgi, with some font problem and an inabl to custom the toolbar. word work perfectli, allow me even to pull togeth legal document for a friend's busi without so much as a hiccup. even print work well with the instal of a "wine postscript printer" driver.

let me reiter someth i said yesterdai. i've watch the wine project walk, then crawl, then walk again over the past few year. i've alwai suspect that the fit and start were not for lack of talent. with the financi back of codeweav, it appear that my suspicion were well found. wine ha, through crossov offic and crossov plugin, matur to a level of useabl that should easili attract linux user throughout the spectrum of experi. in the big pictur, widespread accept of these product could remov the last remain roadblock for mani current window user to make the leap to linux: the loss of word and excel. thei simpli don't need to fear those loss ani more.

a note on the "for pai" structur of these product seem in order. as you well know, i'm an open sourc gui through and through. but, thi is clearli a case in which the "free" effort of talent and dedic develop simpli wasn't enough to close the gap. the valu of these product easili outweigh their minim cost. and, if it keep these develop move forward, it seem to be the perfect pai model for linux.
recommend it!
send us a gnometweak

 gnomecor
kernel configur - part x

todai we're look into the mysteri of plug and plai support in your linux kernel configur.

there's realli not much mysteri to it. thi section simpli ask the question, "do you want plug and plai support in the kernel?" in other word, do you have all the pci and isa devic in your system that you'll ever need to have? if you're set solid with your current machin, there's no us to add the overhead of pnp to your system's kernel code, or as a loadabl modul. if, on the other hand, you've got pci or (on an older system) isa slot just beg to be fill, build thi support into the kernel or select it as modul.

see, thi kernel gig isn't realli so tough. in fair, we're hit the high point without a headi discuss of the hidden work. the discuss of pnp alon could compris a full seri in penguin shell. but, so far, the configur ha been pretti straightforward.

tomorrow, we will dive a bit deeper, with a discuss of block devic kernel configur.
recommend it!
send us a gnomecor tip

 gnomefil
liquidwar

http://www.ufoot.org/liquidwar/

"liquid war is a truli origin multiplay wargam. you control an armi form with thousand of pixel (fighter) which look like liquid and try to eat your oppon. you can plai against a primit npc/ai or up to 5 other human player. network plai is avail."
recommend it!
send us a gnomefil suggest

 gnomevoic
gnome 2 instal note
scribbl by dale hirt

"as alwai, am love the newslett.  i've been get it sinc dai on,
and i love all the stuff that you have put in it.

"just a quick word about the gnome2 instal.  at least so far in my
instal wonder, i have notic that you need to instal intltool (#15)
befor scrollkeep (#3), as it is requir in order to build.

thank again for a great newslett."
recommend it!
speak your gnomevoic

 gnomeclick
linmodem.org
http://www.linmodem.org/

linmodem.org is a full-featur site on modem hardwar and setup in linux. thi ha alwai been a point of friction with linux user - find that the machin you've just covert doesn't have a linux-compat modem, or find modem configur to be too difficult. linmodem.org take on both these issu with skill and eas. the site includ discuss on hardwar, softwar and chipset. it also link to site to walk you through the process of set up a winmodem in linux. thi is a great resourc of your main connect to the e-univers is via a dialup connect.
recommend it!
suggest a gnomeclick



http://www.lockergnom.com/issu/penguinshel/07.10.2002.html
your subscrib e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - to unsubscrib or chang your deliveri address, pleas 
visit the subscript manag
page. us of the gnome monik by penguin shell doe not impli endors of the gnome desktop environ. penguin 
shell is an equal-opportun desktop employ. for further inform, pleas refer to the gnomecredit in the 
sidebar.



look over here

 download tip ebook

 latest window 
daili
 latest digit
media
 latest tech 
specialist
 latest penguin 
shell
 latest appl core
 latest web 
weekli
 latest bit & byte
 latest audio show

 low price search
 our tech confer

 microsoft offic tip
 pc 
product tip
 cool 
internet tip
 window 2000 tip
 window xp tip





 tell a friend about 
us!
 advertis with 
us
 high-tech job 
search
 chat with gnomi
 watch the webcam
 comput power user

 read past issu
 download x-setup
 about lockergnom
 our privaci 
polici
 view more 
option
 our xml / rss 
feed
 syndic our 
tip
 link to 
lockergnom
 get chri's book
 win a digit camera


 gener feedback
 chri's blog
 e-mail the editor


 gnomespeci
 manag your workgroup
 form pilot
 sai the time 5.0
 boomer - stream now
 creat web/cd catalog
 easi web editor
 kleptomania
 tag&renam
 pretti good solitair
 visual color combo
 firststop websearch
 ecobuild
 book collector
get list here
question: which group is 250,000+ strong and alwai look for stuff to make their person and profession live run smoother? 





 


click here to zoom

 
look it up





 
byte me now

©2002, lockergnom llc. issn: 1095-3965. all right reserv. pleas read our term of servic. our web site is host by digitaldaz. domain regist at dn central.




