re: flash is open?on sat, 15 mai 2010 00:27:32 +0200, michel konzack wrote:

> am 2010-05-14 19:06:06, hacktest du folgend herunt:

(...)
 
>> so the realiti is that anyon want to view a flash base site ha to
>> have adob flash player instal as is the onli on abl to fulli
>> support all the featur list in their "open" spec.
> 
> the spec ar open and if the open sourc commun is not abl or  even
> will to implement it, it is not the fault of adob.

no need to shout. i read all the messag in the same manner.

"the spec ar open"... o.k., now so it seem. sinc 2008, just 2 year 
ago, which is good, but adob, sinc the adquisit of macromedia on 
2005, wa hold all the right on flash format.

"(not have a good floss flash player) not the fault of adob...". of 
cours not! the fault of adob, and thi is my person pow, is 
develop a veri bad qualiti flash player, for all the user (window, 
linux, solari). 

heck, how in the hell can a compani provid such player if thei ar the 
develop of the product the player ar handl (.swf)? i cannot 
understand that, and "that" precis make me doubt about the qualiti of 
the format thei ar try to popul and rise.

that said, even thei (thei=adob)now "open the spec" for flash i will 
avoid either us it or promot as much as i can.



in the time i work as webmast and web design (now sysadmin), 
peopl (client, partner and my compani) "urg" me to adopt flash 
technolog, just becaus "look nice" and, "(sic) hei, anyon ha the 
flash player instal so it wa also kinda cross-platform". 

ye, flash player wa (is) avail for mani system but the fact is 
that that did not chang my percept about the suitabl of us it.

there is noth you couldn't do with standard html technolog 
(javascript, css, dom...) that flash can, so why bother about spend 
time and monei in acquir a licens for adob product that were (in 
those time) the onli power on that allow the develop of "rich 
site" ("rich site" → adob "dixit")?

why bother if there wa onli a uniqu flash player out there and wa 
pretti bad qualiti? why forc my user to have to us such player if 
there were altern in a veri good shape that were open and 
compat?

my percept is that web develop wrongli refugi into flash to 
escap from the incompat of the web brower, ani of them 
appli differ render of the element of the page layout and not 
follow the w3c standard. ye, firefox and opera had also their own 
glicth and of cours, internet explor.

so web develop, instead try to compatibil "the 
incompat" of the browser by make a more fine-grain code, 
thei took the "easi path" and just fall into the arm of flash format: 
format wa bad but hei, at least it rened the site in the same manner 
in all the browser >:-)

and then it came html5, promot open standard wai to handl video and 
audio... ooop, adob must thought their flash format will be forgotten 
and lost in the helm's deep if html5 will succe, so the decid to open 
flash to be more user-friendli and calm down the accus about 
monopolist tactic, be their flash player instal in more than 95% 
of the comput >:-)

adn here we ar now, with adob develop, promot and enforc drm 
technolog in their product and, otoh provid an "open spec" for 
flash... quit contradictori :-)

that is my person opinion, of cours.


 
>> and the same situat goe for adob reader for linux. i dunno what is
>> go on with adob but true is that i dislik the path is take that
>> compani :-/
> 
> i am us debian gnu/linux sinc over 11 year and i have more then  20
> commerci progra like eagl, fab3000 and varicad with a total valu of
> more then 80.000 euro  instal,  becaus  there  ar  no  open  sourc
> equival avail.

i have noth against good qualiti program, even thei ar close sourc 
or commerci. but acrobat product doe not fall into that categori :-)
 
> ...and no, geda is no option du to the incompat gerber  output  and
> it can not handel layot with bga 421 and bigger plu  correct  handl
> of more then 4 signal layer (i need at least 8).  auto-router? oh hell!

i now that. i'm work for a engin compani, and i'm "forc" (is 
market demand, we need a 110% compatibilti with our partner and thei us 
autocad...) to us such product.

greet,

-- 
camalón


-- 
to unsubscrib, email to debian-user-request@list.debian.org 
with a subject of "unsubscrib". troubl? contact listmast@list.debian.org
archiv: http://list.debian.org/pan.2010.05.15.09.44.16@csmine.org


