thi littl domain went to china....the riaa continu to amaz me.    everyon might want to grok the
new yahoo ha:

http://rd.yahoo.com/dailynew/nm/tc_nm/inlink/*http://listen4ever.com


and if you're realli bore, go ahead and read the paper that were
file by the riaa against the major backbon provid.

http://www.riaa.com/pdf/listen4ever.pdf


so it look like the riaa is get bore with it usual tack of
su the peer-to-peer servic, and is instead us the dmca
to sue isp and backbon into complianc --  thei want said backbon
to block the ip address of the listen4ever.com server due to
listen4ever's alleg infring of copyright.  to quot
the motion that the riaa issu:  "plaintiff request that
the court issu a preliminari injunct requir defend to block
commun to and from listen4ever's server that travel through
defend' backbon rout system".

at least accord to the riaa (probabl for bonu terror tactic )
the listen4ever site is even more formid than that bane of p2p
good, napster, due to the fact that it on a central server,
out of their reach of riaa/dmca control (it locat in china), and
becaus accord to the riaa it facilit the download of entir album.
appar listen4ever ha a few other site float around, and the riaa ha been
unsuccess in get ani of them to voluntarili surrend
servic(1).

gotta love the riaa for jump into thi lawsuit with the custom's
interest in mind.  how lawyer can write drivel along the line of
'if you dont stop these gui, we'll run out of monei and we won't be
abl to suppli you new music!' just blow my mind, especi in thi
dai and ag.   the riaa ha enough monei to file inan lawsuit
against backbon provid, but thei don't have enough monei to
produc new artist?  someth seem wrong here.

here's my problem.  sai the riaa win in court, and the backbon
provid compli.   their biggest hurdl is now accomplish, and on
hell of a terribl precid is/can be set.   at least in the riaa's
case, i'm sure onc thei get a court-mandat ok for thi particular
site, thei'll just go ahead, write their nice friendli lawyer letter,
and demand that subsequ ip address also be block, as thei too
rout to site that ar problemat to the riaa.

even wors, the concept that other group (the first that flash into
my littl brain be the scientologist) also decid that thi is the wai
to go.   if the riaa prevail, thei have record set, albiet in ny
onli, that can be point back to, and us in other case.
eventu thi will hit a larg enough court that precid will set,
 and we have a veri quiet, veri non-report event occur from then
 on, the systemat c&ding; of the internet.   anyth that violat the
dmca, given it takedown provis, might now potenti
fall prei to a ceas & desist letter.  rather than appeal, the
backbon provid will just agre -- as thei seem like to do
'provid a court order'.

point be is that soon thi won't take a court order.  a nastygram
will suffic and we'll wonder where all the new
music/inform/dissent opinion/ critic went.

thi is a scari road we're run down here.   so nice to see that
it still hush-hush in the geek commun.

what more bizzar is some of the support(?) that the riaa seem to
get.   i'm curiou for instanc, how dave farber got drag into
thi...  (2) dave, you still read fork?

(1) save for on, lmp3.com, which wa list as a redirect site in the
court document, ha sinc gone down.   their websit ha a humor littl note:  "lmp3
will be close and will never come back! ".  listen4ever.com is not
respond, but i'm not quit sure if that due to backbon complianc
or the site be overburden.

(2) declar of prof. david j. farber:
http://www.riaa.com/pdf/listen4ever.pdf (p. 95)


a veri disgruntl,

bitbitch


http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork

