some note on bollywood movi hit it big abroadnri number on

expat help hindi film make dollar and sens even at their own expens

by jeann e. fredriksen

the expatri in film is noth new. casablanca star humphrei 
bogart as the suav, mysteri rick in morocco remain the top favorit 
60 year after it releas in america. although expat charact' live 
ar tradition paint as be extraordinari, the simpl fact that 
thei live "elsewher" add a sens of adventur, a dash of romanc, and 
a bit of wish long. howev, expat have never made the kind of 
impact on film that non-resid indian (nri) have with hindi cinema, 
both at the box offic and on the big screen.

accord to india's 2001 censu, the countri's popul exceed the 
1 billion person mileston, and there ar approxim 11 million 
indian live, work, and studi elsewher around the world. nri 
have becom a seriou market for the hindi film industri, particularli 
in the u.k., where approxim 3 percent of the popul is 
indian/pakistani, and in the u.s., where 1.7 million out of 281.5 
million peopl ar indian. the rupe box offic is now augment quit 
handsom by the dollar-and-pound box offic, much to the delight of 
director and produc.

among the film report a half-to-three-quarter-of-a-million-dollar 
box offic in the u.s. or the u.k. ar aa ab laut chalen (1999), kaho 
naa pyaar hai (2000), refuge (2000), lajja (2001), and asoka (2001). 
the nri "million-dollar-box-offic club" boast such film as yaadein 
(2001) and lagaan (2001) in the u.s. taal (1999), hum saath saath hain 
(hssh, 1999), and mohabbatein (2000) made the mark or better in the u.k. 
taal and hssh doubl their u.k. intak in the u.s. and brought in $2 
million each. kuch kuch hota hai (1998) talli up $2.6 million in the 
u.k. most recent, set a new high-water mark in the oversea box 
offic, kabhi khushi kabhi gham (k3g, 2001) grab the no. 10 spot it 
first week of releas in the u.s. and earn $2.9 million dure it 
five-week run. in the u.k., k3g earn nearli $3.6 million over an 18 
week run.

impress? ye, consid that promot of hindi film outsid of 
the indian commun is virtual zero, although that mai be on the 
brink of chang slightli. if noth els, the figur indic that 
the nri spend a big chunk of chang on the film.

dure the past decad, the inclus of nri charact in both 
commerci and non-commerci film ha been on the rise, and in a 
circular logic, it's onli natur that thei have becom a part of these 
film' stori. each nri touch someon in india, and these "global 
indian," as filmmak subhash ghai ha call them, cannot be shrug 
off as a pass phase. film featur or "made for" nri have been 
critic by some in india, but in realiti, mani of those film have 
perform extrem well at the indian box offic. could thi speak to 
the lure of adventur and the romanc of the nri?

the first hindi blockbust to spotlight nri charact wa dilwal 
dulhania le jayeng (ddlj, 1995), the stori of two young peopl who grew 
up indian in london. ddlj introduc us to the mischiev, 
prank-pull raj, who in the begin fail to graduat but succe 
in pilfer a case of beer from an indian-own conveni store. in 
the end, he steadfastli appli indian sensibl in hi pursuit of 
the rebelli-but-trap simran as her unwant arrang marriag 
approach. veri possibl, becaus of thi juxtaposit of trait, 
attitud, and event, ddlj enjoi the distinct of be the 
longest-continu-run film in indian cinema histori.

popular asid, there is the ongo issu regard accuraci in the 
character of nri in film. often thei ar drawn as stereotyp, 
which ar easi to lean on, requir neither depth nor dimens. 
becaus of thi, hindi filmmak mai be said to straddl the border 
separ east and west, stai secur at home and dip into 
their highli-fantas world of the indian diaspora.

in mani case, commerci hindi film present an overli-devis sens of 
the nri as be either corruptli-western or as be more homesick 
than a child gone awai to camp for the first time. while these concept 
mai carri a certain truth, the correspond misconcept come from 
the mind of the at-home indian, who wag a seemingli-enviou finger at 
the nri's abil to exist in two world: on allow space and upward 
mobil, the other offer tradit and histori.

pompou, materialist, alcohol-drink, cigarett-smoke, 
drug-take, affair-have, spoil brat …

the first hindi film i saw wa subhash ghai's pard (1997). despit 
encourag me to see more film, it made me wonder if "nri" actual 
meant "not realli indian." if the nri charact weren't silli, whinei 
troublemak, thei were mean and nasti, embrac everi possibl 
neg human qualiti in stark contrast to the pristin kusum ganga. 
even the dialogu and song lyric in the film were design to instruct 
the viewer that the west is inferior but on can still bring india back 
into on's life. the film is propaganda at it finest and fill with 
relentless remind of good vs. evil, puriti vs. corrupt, right vs. 
wrong, tradit vs. modern … in short india vs. the west.

but thi is not where the neg end.

veri often, there is a "dress code" for the femal charact to help 
the viewer understand her measur of puriti or wicked: the more 
tradition-dress, the more indian the woman. unsurprisingli, thi 
doe not seem to carri over to the men's charact.

run alongsid thi can be the "train guid" in which nri ar 
constantli reeduc that "thi is not india …," "thi is not america 
…," "onli in india …," "thi is our cultur." the repetit seem less 
design to be a natur part of life than to foster reinforc, as 
if nri ar too ignor to appreci it the first time.

when indian achiev success and wealth, have larg home, and own their 
compani in these film, thei ar industri, clever, and respect 
businessmen. the nri equival is held up to a doubl standard and 
consid materialist. even the print synopsi of taal in the ero 
entertain/b4u dvd booklet refer to the nri charact' "world of 
ruthless materi." on the other hand, the mumbai-base, plagiar 
vikrant kapoor charact is likeabl enough and present as an 
opportunist, which seem to be a step up.

itali is an unlik origin for an nri and offspr in a hindi film, 
but hum dil de chuke sanam (2000) fill the bill. for all the film's 
splendor, it wa regrett that the indo-italian sameer wa present 
as a naïve, bumbl nerd who had littl go for him beyond hi 
sing abil.

yaadein gave us a kind and love, if slightli confus, singl parent 
from london rais three daughter who suffer enough issu to put a 
therapist into a tailspin. as if that weren't enough, the film includ 
an american-rais brat who want noth to do with parent, settl 
down, or have babi—hardli the ideal indian bride-to-be.

and what happen when a marri nri coupl split into the "modern" vs. 
the "old-fashion?" the wife is toss out like the garbag and sent 
home to india as punish for be unrecept to have affair 
outsid of marriag. such is the initi setup for lajja, rajkumar 
santoshi's look into the world of indian women.

show me the wai to go home …

the other extrem of nri in film is the homesick, cultur-crave, 
more-patriot-than-thou indian. build their own mini-india for 
maxi-memori, thi nri portray take a real issu and magnifi it to 
unreal proport. and no film illustr that as extravagantli as the 
lush and sumptuou kabhi khushi kabhi gham (k3g).

not onli did k3g enjoi a healthi run at home, it explod worldwid onto 
theater screen in indian commun last decemb and plai to pack 
hous for week. and k3g is a film in which everyth—home, 
transport, financ, fashion, holidai, event, emot, and 
tear—set a new standard for the term "larger-than-life."

in k3g, much of the post-interv footag take place in england. for 
anjali, life in london simmer with a patriot zeal and an 
all-consum homesick manifest in the meticul mainten of 
indian custom and ritual while she separ herself from her 
surround. her need for india is so overwhelm that she reli on 
the fals protect of mock peopl and place outsid of her own 
famili and home.

overkil? certainli, as writer-director karan johar's inflat 
represent of what have becom some of the filmi passion of the 
typic nri. but when it boil down to the common denomin without 
the fanfar, flash, and fervor, even those who move across countri miss 
their famili and familiar surround; on alwai retain a credibl 
amount of home-turf loyalti; and if on's heritag is lost, the person 
is render as no more than a racial statist.

"those live in india ar surround by our cultur everi minut, even 
if thei don't realiz it," sai vivek malhotra, a thirti-someth nri 
and busi owner in the chicago area. "here it's differ, but we 
will alwai be indian," he continu, strike at the heart of the 
perceiv problem. "sometim, i feel that the movi think we've 
forgotten that. mayb the filmmak should spend some time find out 
who we ar. i realli don't think thei have a clue."

on the upsid is a benefici aspect for the children of nri. "it's 
good that these film show our kid what happen in india—the 
tradit, custom, valu," sai parag gandhi, a long time theater 
owner and promot of hindi film in chicago. "thei mai be modern in 
india, but the tradit valu remain." and mani popular film target 
the late-teen, twenti-someth demograph. "film such as dilwal 
dulhania le jayeng, kuch kuch hota hai, and k3g," add gandhi, "ar 
exampl of film that ar half tradit, half modern, strike a 
balanc between the two for all of the market."

anoth posit consider is that not all film show nri in a 
question light. caricatur of nri have been challeng in 
commerci film like kaho naa pyaar hai, dil chhata hai (2001), monsoon 
wed (2001), and the recent kitn door kitn paa, all of which 
present nri as more realist, more human charact. aa ab laut chalen 
offer a varieti of nri person from the selfish, the conniv, 
and the parti anim to the lovabl cabbi and the pandit-cop who make 
the best of their situat without complaint. interestingli, the film 
also dare to includ shop owner, dunkin' donut clerk, ga station 
attend: charact who aren't weigh down by palati surround, 
corpor crise, or oversea judgment.

the u.s., the u.k., and australia ar repres in bombai boi (1999) 
by three young men come/return to bombai, india for person 
reason. in a refresh revers of the typic attitud concern 
nri in film, the boi ar the "good" indian, and everyon thei meet 
ha some relationship with the darker side of the citi. at it most 
basic, the film show that if someth is lost, it won't necessarili be 
found in india.

even the non-commerci, multi-award-win bawandar (2001) 
incorpor an nri as a connect thread in the piec togeth of 
sanvri devi's stori. curiou, passion about women's right, the 
indo-english journalist repres the fact that the stori ha a wider 
interest than a small, rural villag.

step outsid of the hindi film industri for a moment, the 
english/telegu film hyderabad blue (1998) and the english/tamil film 
mitr—my friend (2002), both smaller-budget film built on deliv 
messag without preach, deserv mention. the former engag in the 
question of, rather than the critic of, east vs. west, and the 
latter examin the challeng face by women, nri, and their famili. 
the charact and stori of both film enjoi respect in their 
present, partial due to the exist of layer issu that ar 
reveal and resolv (or not) without finger-snap swift or 
clichéd answer. hyderabad blue enjoi a 31-week run in mumbai alon, 
and mitr—my friend is current on of the most-rent film in indian 
commun in the u.s.

while the inclus of nri in hindi film doe not guarante box offic 
success outsid of india, it doe send a strong signal that filmmak 
acknowledg thi constantli grow and lucr audienc sector. if 
the big-budget, big box-offic commerci film come out of mumbai 
often seem to bite on of the hand that feed it, ha the box offic 
anywher been advers affect? well … no, not by ani chart report 
that can be found. and that, itself, send a loud and clear messag back 
to the industri in mumbai: "if it isn't broken, don't fix it."

nevertheless, when filmmak who see nri as fall onli to the evil 
side of western wai look beyond their assumpt, perhap thei will 
discard their relianc on stereotyp and start pai their oversea 
famili an increas measur of respect. and when filmmak who take the 
homesick and patriot theme beyond believ analyz their own 
feel, perhap thei will realiz that what nri hold dear in their 
heart is no differ from what those at home should be proud of. n

note: all box offic figur ar report as us$ and ar courtesi of 
varieti magazin onlin archiv. not all hindi film abroad report box 
offic, and not all box offic report ar avail.

jeann e. fredriksen write from chicago. she is famili with, friend 
with, acquaint with, and work for nri with an amaz varieti of 
person, attitud, hope, dream, goal, livelihood, need, 
want, and belief.

=========================================
 
dilwal dulhaniya le jayeng

so global success is the film that in 1999 it warrant a billboard 
outsid shinjuku train station in tokyo, japan, announc it 
screen sponsor by india center there. shinjuku is the 
entertain center of tokyo, and there is plenti of high-profil 
competit for attent, attend, and box offic. in japan, where 
indian film enjoi a certain popular with the nativ, the countri's 
1995 popul censu of 125.6 million person show onli 4,244 were 
indian with an addit 13,589 be other south asian. without 
question, ddlj continu to be a favorit whenev, wherev offer for 
view.

kabhi khushi kabhi gham

accord to a report in the south china morn post in januari, 2002, 
all screen of k3g in decemb, 2001, were sell-out in hong kong, 
while pirat copi of the film were the hottest item circul on 
the island. hong kong's 2001 popul censu of 6.3 million peopl 
reveal that 18,543 were indian and anoth 23,581 were nepales and 
pakistani. k3g's popular in the special administr region wa 
impress becaus hong kong enjoi be the third-largest produc of 
film by volum after india and the u.s.  	


=====================================================
bhansali's music heaven

by aniruddh chawda

devda (univers, 2002). hindi film soundtrack. music: ismail darbar. 
lyric: nusrat badr

for perhap the most eagerli anticip film of the year, filmmak 
sanjai leela bhansali's devda had to deliv a score that not onli met 
the hype but also let ismail darbar prove that the mega-sell hum dil 
de chuke sanam wa no on-time flash in the pan. by devis a 
semi-classic, onc-in-a-decad, 100 percent "indian" music score, 
bhansali and darbar emerg victori in bake and serv a 10-layer 
monument soundtrack.

what is most groundbreak is the power on-two punch of lyric by 
newcom nusrat badr and the from-soul-voic of first-timer shreya 
ghosal. ghosal's voic, reminisc of both suman kalyanpur with a 
slightli thicker pitch and anuradha paudwal without the nasal monoton, 
is the most origin sing voic sinc kavita subramaniam appear in 
the mangeshkar mold. ghosal's "silsila ye chaahat ka" is a sultri 
tabla-domin open to 52 minut of sheer music bliss. "maar 
daala" (subramaniam, kk) is an excel exampl of the us of classic 
raga to complement, rather than fill-in, interlud between vers. on 
"kahe chhed," pandit birju maharaj, us hi own tune, add an 
intox open for madhuri dixit's vocal and subramaniam to 
finish out a pierc song of long.

while a combin of ghosal and subramaniam give life to on-screen 
lip-synch for madhuri dixit and aishwarya rai, on the male side udit 
narayan front for shah rukh khan. narayan's on-target "bairi piya," a 
duet with ghosal, could find compani in mani lata-rafi duet of yore. 
the up-tempo "chalak chalak" again smoothli float narayan with vinod 
rathod and ghosal while subramaniam and ghosal's jugalbandhi on "dola re 
dola" simpli shake the rafter.

packag in univers's bombai plant, the earliest cd press have a 
cheap, paper-thin case. purist mai consid replac the cheap cover 
with a store-bought sturdier on. at a suggest bombai retail valu of 
about $2 and sell like hot cake statesid for $10 a pop, devda is 
without doubt a huge profit-maker for the multin music market. 
but buyer bewar: avoid be distract by bootleg cd. thi 
except music and exception well-record cd deserv 
unadulter music glori. pop in onli a properli copyright, 
origin cd and let darbar & co. whisk you awai on a magic music 
ride.

lifelong cinephil aniruddh chawda live, work, and write from 
wisconsin, on america's north coast.

http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork

