[lockergnom tech specialist]  concret geekitud

<!--
 bodi      { background-imag: url(http://imag.lockergnom.com/imag/issu/top-right.gif); color: #331f30 }
 a:link    { color: #331f30; text-decor: underlin; font-weight: normal }
 a:visit { color: #331f30; text-decor: underlin; font-weight: normal }
 a:activ  { color: grai; text-decor: none }
 a:hover   { color: grai; text-decor: none }
 p.titl   { background: #c69ebf; border-bottom: #4f2f4a 4px solid; border-left: #e7d5e4 4px solid; border-right: #4f2f4a 4px solid; border-top: #e7d5e4 4px solid; color: #331f30; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: normal }
 p.sidebar { background: #e7d5e4; border-bottom: #c69ebf 3px solid; border-left: #ffffff 3px solid; border-right: #c69ebf 3px solid; border-top: #ffffff 3px solid; color: #331f30; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center } 
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-famili: verdana, tahoma, arial }
-->
20020722 lockergnom tech specialist
















  07.22.2002 gnomereport 


50 tip to make window more us 
do you have to deal with window on a daili basi? might as well 
maxim your time with it. you'll find that some of these tip 
will appli to other oper system, too. the world of comput 
isn't so mysteri onc you understand how it work. with thi 
gnometom, you'll begin to work faster - and smarter. 
download window product tip now!  

i did a lot thi weekend, but i didn't realli get much done, 
ya know? my knee ar kill me from haul stuff out of 
the basement for storag up in the attic, but the pile onli 
made it as far as the kitchen. then i strip and paint 
the floor where that collect of stuff wa previous 
store, and erect some shelv so i'd have room for more 
stuff. i woke up the next morn discov a veri sick 
ferret, like from the fume that leech into the next 
room over despit the ventil i had setup to prevent the 
migrat of bad air. so, i end up dismantl the ferret 
cage to move it upstair for a week or so until i'm sure 
it's safe. thankfulli, all critter ar do well now.

i also start in on replac the cheapo rust screw 
with stainless steel deck screw out back, but found that 
the on i pick up ar too weak, leav me with strip 
out head and bent shaft. that project stop after bare 
get start. the front step ar also in need of rust-
proof screw, but thei ar made from much softer wood, so i 
move the tool to the other side of the hous. two-third 
of the wai through the first row, i found that the extra 
1/2" on the screw i purchas wa too much and i began 
run into the top of the old concret step underneath. 
figur. live and learn. 

oh well, it wa entir too hot to work outsid anywai. 
back down to the basement i went to geek out instead. 
roughli an hour into geekitud, i glanc over and realiz 
it wa 78.7 degre in the basement and i wa virtual 
stuck to my chair from the sweat. i shut off as much as i 
realli could and still work on a coupl of project, but it 
didn't help the heat situat much. it wa just too hot 
outsid for the air condition to keep up with the ad 
heat from the comput. that left me in need of a shower 
and with onli the notebook in the live room for the 
balanc of the weekend. i clean out a lot of ancient 
email, which wa nice, but noth realli got accomplish 
otherwis. boi, am i tire. and the weekend is so far awai.

hei, the second season of m*a*s*h come out on dvd 
tomorrow! that should put me in better spirit. i could 
watch m*a*s*h for hour on end. in fact, i often do just 
that. the onli kink is that the episod don't plai back-to-back 
from dvd. i'm go to plai with applescript on the mac 
to see if i can custom how the individu disc plai. in 
theori, i should be abl to make a disc plai all the wai 
through. if i succe, i'll be sure to share the script 
techniqu in the applecor newslett. too bad i can't do that with a stand-alon dvd player.

see you in august,              randi nieland       

 gnomenetwork
slow file save dialog box
point out by ian hargreav

http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;q321126
i've hate thi on for a long time, and now we have a 
hotfix and a workaround, so take your pick as to which will 
work best. i often map drive letter to specif network 
share, and if i happen to have a system turn off, i'll 
notic a signific delai when click the drop-down box 
in open, look in or save in/as dialog box. window 2000 
attempt to reconnect to map resourc befor show you 
the list, and depend on how mani drive you have map 
and how mani of those resourc ar unavail, it can take 
eon just to save a file. a workaround is to us the my 
network place function instead of map drive 
letter. fine for some, but i prefer have drive letter 
map for mani thing, be that i work at a command 
prompt quit a bit, and it's easier to navig that wai. 
altern, a hotfix is now avail, but you'll have to 
contact microsoft to obtain the fix if that's the rout you 
choos.


 gnomesystem
custom 9x/me blue screen error
http://www.vsre.com/blscrn/
we've all seen 'em. those annoyingli incoher blue 
screen indic a system error of some sort, but provid 
no real help in solv the problem. if you're a programm 
that ha had to deal with error condit produc by 
window 95/98/me, then thi might be a better wai to handl 
them within your applic. blue screen v1.21 is an 
activex control that us the standard window system error 
function, but provid a wai to pass along text and 
respons option you design. note that thi is not 
function on window nt/2000/xp, which handl system error 
in an entir differ manner.

gamer bewar of intel 845g chipset
http://www.theinquir.net/?articl=4532
http://www.theinquir.net/?articl=4513
discount the amd hype and return vollei from intel when 
read up on all of thi, but on thing is painfulli clear. 
the intel 845g chipset and p4 celeron processor realli 
don't provid an accept game experi. not onli is 
perform subject to ridicul, but compat is also 
look to be a seriou matter. intel ha never claim that 
celeron were high-end desktop processor, but thei have 
typic provid a decent enough experi that thei can 
make for accept machin for the more budget-mind 
consum. the compat issu with thi particular 
version of celeron and the 845g chipset ar someth to 
watch out for. onc the celeron is move to the .13 micron 
core, i suspect the perform concern won't remain, but 
the 845g alon seem to have it's own problem without 
ad the celeron miseri. the lesson in know what 
hardwar you're bui is what's import here.



 gnomealertz
todai's top 5 kbalertz

q296133 - wd2002: record macro to creat right-to-left style record paragraph align incorrectli (q296133)
q292152 - wd2002: macro to modifi current select text doe not work correctli (q292152)
q292150 - wd2002: undo command doe not remov list style link to paragraph style (q292150)
q292094 - wd2002: error messag: microsoft mail local fax is not instal on your system (q292094)
q292078 - wd2002: new document creat by macro while word is minim open in restor state (q292078)



clean your system add/remov plu! 2002 offer a new and better wai 
to uninstal program you no longer want on your comput. all you have to do 
is doubl-click on a desktop icon call "uninstal program", quickli find 
the program you want to uninstal and click a button. add/remov plu! 2002, 
unlik the standard window uninstal featur (the control panel add/remov 
program applet), will uninstal the program and remov it from the list. 
get your copi of add/remov plu now!


recommend it!
 gnomeassist
test drive compaq server
http://www.testdriv.compaq.com/
compaq (ok, hp) offer a set of server run variou 
*nix oper system, as well as oracl 9i, for test 
drive. just regist for an account and you can tinker 
around with linux, freebsd or even tru64 unix run on an 
alpha server, but without the hassl and expens of 
obtain your own toi. i love the idea of have a pre-
configur environ that let you kick the tire without 
caus ani perman damag. 


 gnomestuff
too cool
http://www.pcworld.com/new/articl/0,aid,102779,00.asp
thi wa just too interest not to mention. water-cool 
system ar all-the-rage among overclock and those 
that seem to need brag right over their friend' comput 
system. hitachi is take a chapter from that tome and 
appli the concept where it's truli need - notebook 
comput. believ me when i sai that these sucker get veri 
hot. i spend half my life with notebook plant on lap, and 
i have to put someth between the two surfac to avoid my 
own littl heat stroke. fan and the mini water cool 
system hitachi is implement provid roughli the same heat 
mitig effici, but without the nois. the concept of 
a water-cool notebook sound a littl odd, but i would 
welcom the elimin of the turbin drone with open 
arm.






recommend it!



http://www.lockergnom.com/issu/techspecialist/20020722.html
your subscrib e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - to unsubscrib or chang your deliveri address, pleas visit the subscript manag page. for further inform, pleas refer to the gnomecredit in the sidebar.





look over here

 download tip ebook

 latest window daili
 latest digit media
 latest tech specialist
 latest penguin shell
 latest appl core
 latest web weekli
 latest bit & byte
 latest audio show

 low price search
 our tech confer

 microsoft offic tip
 pc product tip
 cool internet tip
 window 2000 tip
 window xp tip

 tell a friend about us!
 suggest a featur
 advertis with us
 high-tech job search
 chat with gnomi
 watch the webcam
 comput power user

 read past issu
 download x-setup
 about lockergnom
 our privaci polici
 view more option
 our xml / rss feed
 syndic our tip
 link to lockergnom
 get chri's book


 e-mail a suggest
 your rant / rave
 gener feedback
 the editor's blog
 e-mail the editor
 sound system
yamaha rx-v1200
soni davc900
harman kardon	avr520
denon	avr5803
pioneer vsxd811s
pioneer elit	vsx49tx
soni htddw840
yamaha htr5560
bose ls122bk
soni davc450

 gnomespeci
 manag your workgroup
 form pilot
 sai the time 5.0
 boomer - stream now
 creat web/cd catalog
 easi web editor
 kleptomania
 tag&renam
 pretti good solitair
 visual color combo
 firststop websearch
 ecobuild
 book collector
get list here
question: which group is 250,000+ strong and alwai look for stuff to make their person and profession live run smoother? 


 


click here to zoom

 
look it up





 
byte me now

©2002, lockergnom llc. issn: 1095-3965. all right reserv. pleas read our term of servic. our web site is host by digitaldaz. domain regist at dn central.





