cnet: copycat worm and a pgp outlook flaw

cnet viru & secur newslett





























		 

 


























juli 17, 2002






						--robert vamosisenior associ editorcnet softwar and internet servic
 

dear reader,
so far, 2002 ha been a year mark with variat on earlier
worm. if you updat your antiviru softwar on a regular basi,
these new version of frethem and yaha shouldn't be a nuisanc.
but if you haven't updat in a while, these variant--plu the
continu threat of klez.h--should motiv you. in secur
new, a flaw in certain version of pgp encrypt could affect
outlook user. read on to learn whether you're vulner.
 
						 




















frethem.k worm want to give you a password
 an e-mail messag that promis to reveal secret inform with
a password is yet anoth variant from the peski frethem worm
famili. frethem.k, technic known as w32.frethem.k@mm, also
call frethem.l by some vendor, us it own smtp engin to
send e-mail us address obtain from infect system. thi
worm doe not carri a destruct payload. mac and linux user
ar not affect.



yaha.e screensav worm spread
 the yaha.e mass-mail worm masquerad as a friendli
screensav, prove that user worldwid ar still open
attach file from total stranger. yaha.e (w32.yaha.e@mm, also
known as lentin.e, yaha.f, and yaha.g) is a success variant of
a worm first seen around valentin's dai thi year. thankfulli,
thi worm doe not affect mac, linux, or unix user.






leaki pgp outlook plug-in 
pgp 7.03 and 7.04, wide us plug-in for microsoft's outlook
e-mail client, inadvert weaken secur and leav the mail
program open to attack. fortun, there is a patch avail.






















digit photographi starter kitthi guid to digit photo will show you the best product to take your imag from snap to finish.


	• panason's littlest lumix
	• minolta"s 4-megapixel dimag f100











most popular product
digit camera
	1. canon powershot g2
	2. canon powershot s30
	3. canon powershot s40
	4. canon powershot a40
	5. soni cyber shot dsc-f707
 see all most popular camera





















 
search 

 in softwareal cnet    the web
  
	













































the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newslett@exampl.com
unsubscrib |
 manag my subscript
 | faq |
 advertis















price comparison |
product review |
tech new |
download |
all cnet servic





        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv.          



