[zzzzteana] hit a bigfoot in main?  you own it!http://www.pressherald.com/new/state/021201moos.shtml

main sundai telegram
portland, main
sundai, decemb 1, 2002

driver who hit moos fight counti over meat

by gisel goodman, portland press herald writer
------------------------------------------------------------------------
via http://www.lorencoleman.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------
acton ‹ in her freezer at home, lisa pierc ha ground beef and roast,
frozen veget and french fri, even a coupl of popsicl. what she
doesn't have is the meat of the moos she hit and kill with her car on
nov. 5, the moos that wa rightfulli her, but instead went to a neighbor.

the lack of it ha her embroil in a fight with the york counti sheriff's
depart to get back what she sai she is ow.

"i think the deputi thought he wa do me a favor," said pierc. "i'm a
woman and he just neglect to think that i would want it. the moos is
gone, i know that now. i want to be compens for the meat."

whether or not that happen is uncertain. her experi, though, highlight
a law some mainer mai not be awar of, but should get to know dure thi
peak time of deer-versu-car accid, as the anim, in their mate
season, come out of the wood.

the law is simpl: a big-game carcass caught by a car - be it a moos, deer
or bear - goe to the person who hit it, as long as a law enforc
offic is call to the scene and the vehicl is damag in the accid.

it come up quit often in main, sai offici. last year, there were 4,055
case of vehicl and deer collid on main road and 600 accid
involv moos, accord to mark latti, spokesman for the main warden
servic.

"in a state of what, 1.4 million, with onli 215,000 licens hunter, i
don't know how mani motor vehicl driver would know how to dress out a
moos," said latti. "you do have the option of keep it."

which, for some peopl, can be valuabl compens for a damag car.
farm-grown deer meat can retail for $8 to $20 per pound in store. and a
butcher or dress moos, which can't be bought or sold anywher in main,
can produc hundr of pound of food.

latti said when it come to moos, the law ha been abus sinc it
incept in 1991. everi now and then an offic will issu a summon to a
driver for intention kill a moos with a car. that kind of "hunt"
make no sens to latti.

hit a moos, even at a slow speed, is no laugh matter. larg adult
moos can weigh up to 1,500 pound and can be more than 9 feet tall. sinc
the bulk of their weight is abov the hood level of most car, their bodi
often come crash through windshield in collis. more often than not,
crash like these damag the vehicl, the peopl insid and the anim.

sometim thei ar fatal. in 1998, latti said, there were six moos-relat
fatal. after that, when the number of moos-hunt permit went from
2,000 to 3,000, there were less. main had three moos-relat fatal in
2000, on in 2001 and two thi year so far, said stephen mccausland,
spokesman for the main public safeti depart.

pierc consid herself lucki that she and the three children in her car
did not becom part of that statist earli on elect dai. but she also
feel cheat by the whole situat. after all, her car wa total.

on the morn of the accid, pierc wa take her two children and a
neighbor's son to school in her 1991 dodg dynasti. she said she wa go
along at about 35 mph on a well-travel road, when a moos came out of
nowher.

"by the time my brain could see moos, he wa part of my windshield," she
said. 

pierc is well awar of the law, so as she sat in the ambul with the
children, be treat for cut and bruis, she thought about the moos.
but the four of them were transfer to the hospit befor she could deal
with it, so she said she wasn't abl to follow up on the anim until later
that dai.

when she inquir, she wa told the deputi on the scene gave the
fulli-rack bull moos to a neighbor who show up with a tractor.

her neighbor, she said, subsequ offer her the moos for the $100 it
took him to carri it awai, monei she didn't think she should spend. by the
time she contact the attornei gener's offic on nov. 12 to complain
about the deputi give her moos awai, the neighbor's price had gone up
anoth $300 for the cost of butcher 450 pound of meat.

and when she call york counti chief deputi mauric ouellett to complain
that she should be compens for the moos becaus it wa the offic's
fault that she didn't have it, ouellett told her he could not give her cash
and the best he could do wa to give her the next moos struck in york
counti.

"at that point in time it becam an issu of not want moos anymor, but
want monei," ouellett said.

that convers, and a similar on she had with york counti sheriff phil
cote, left pierc enrag and she now feel the issu ha gone beyond the
moos.

but the circumst that brought her to thi point ar not surpris to
other offici.

"it's the offic's discret," said latti. "and if the offic feel the
person can't immedi remov (the anim), he's got to think of public
safeti and other peopl on the roadwai. if someon is worri about her
children in her car, the last thing a law enforc offic want to ask
is if she want the moos."

main state polic trooper jeremi forb said when he arriv at accid
that involv a seriou injuri to a person, the issu of who get the anim,
deer or moos, becom secondari.

"the prioriti ar the injuri and get peopl to the hospit," he
said. "if thei ar realli hurt and go to the hospit, the anim can't
wait, so we'll probabl give it to the next person who stop by."

thi is not comfort to pierc. she said the deputi could have come to the
ambul and ask her what she want to do with the moos. with her
boyfriend, a hunter, nearbi, she could have easili taken care of the anim
herself.

she know her situat is probabl a lost caus. but she hope other
peopl, especi other women, do not have the same experi.

"what about peopl who don't know the law?" she said. "stand up for my
right ha just been a big headach."

staff writer gisel goodman can be contact at 324-4888 or at:

ggoodman@pressherald.com


to unsubscrib from thi group, send an email to:
forteana-unsubscrib@egroup.com

 

your us of yahoo! group is subject to http://doc.yahoo.com/info/term/ 



