live love - anoth legaci of the 60'snormal, i disdain ani kind of mystic, even when it is associ 
with fairli good idea.  just a big turnoff.  a good exampl would be 
the differ between yoga/tm and the more scientif pure, but 
relat, relax techniqu includ "betagen", 
hypnosi/auto-hypnosi, etc.  (thi wa on of the mani topic i 
obsess absorb as a teenag.)  or tai chi etc. vs. tai bo / 
g-forc dyno-staff.

i have to sai howev that, have found thi while look for 
someth complet unrel, it ha some cute truism.  i 
particularli like their addict to non-addict.  addition, the 
mindprod treehugg site ha some interest quot, etc.

to my intern ear, nearli all of these 60's base new-ag vernacular 
seem to assum that you ar a simpl child (of the 60's?) who need some 
religion-like couch of idea to relat and intern.  veri 
irrit, but taken in small dose it's interest to compar and 
contrast with our (my) modern mental model.

i found that a few of the principl could be us to explain and 
justifi us/un foreign polici and action.

http://mindprod.com/method.html
http://member.aol.com/inoss/kenkei.html
http://www.mindprod.com/
(apolog for the embed html.)

we creat the world we live in.
a love person live in a love world,
a hostil person live in a hostil world.
everyon you meet is your mirror.

you make yourself and other suffer just as much when you take offenc 
as when you give offenc. to be upset over what you don't have is to 
wast what you do have.

the past is dead,
the futur is imaginari,
happi can onli be
in the etern now moment

how soon will you realiz that the onli thing you don't have is the 
direct experi that there's noth you need that you don't have.

love a person becaus he or she is there.
thi is the onli reason.

happi happen when your conscious is not domin by addict 
and demand~ and you experi life as a parad of prefer.

the
purpos
of our live
is to be free
of all addict trap,
and thu
becom on
with the ocean of
live love.


sdw

-- 
sdw@lig.net http://sdw.st
stephen d. william 43392 waysid cir,ashburn,va 20147-4622
703-724-0118w 703-995-0407fax dec2001




