[lockergnom tech specialist]  handprint sing

<!--
 bodi      { background-imag: url(http://imag.lockergnom.com/imag/issu/top-right.gif); color: #331f30 }
 a:link    { color: #331f30; text-decor: underlin; font-weight: normal }
 a:visit { color: #331f30; text-decor: underlin; font-weight: normal }
 a:activ  { color: grai; text-decor: none }
 a:hover   { color: grai; text-decor: none }
 p.titl   { background: #c69ebf; border-bottom: #4f2f4a 4px solid; border-left: #e7d5e4 4px solid; border-right: #4f2f4a 4px solid; border-top: #e7d5e4 4px solid; color: #331f30; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: normal }
 p.sidebar { background: #e7d5e4; border-bottom: #c69ebf 3px solid; border-left: #ffffff 3px solid; border-right: #c69ebf 3px solid; border-top: #ffffff 3px solid; color: #331f30; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, arial; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center } 
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-famili: verdana, tahoma, arial }
-->
20020710 lockergnom tech specialist
















  07.10.2002 gnomereport 


we need you to be at gnomedex! that's what your employ should be 
tell you. microsoft pocket pc expert will be share tip on improv 
workplac product with portabl devic. combin with proxim's on 
locat wireless network solut, a pocket pc can keep you and your 
co-worker commun no matter where you ar in the build. learn 
how to bring wi-fi and pda technolog togeth for the ultim in 
portabl comput. 
regist for gnomedex todai!   

reader jack macdonald ha some advic for you would-be bard in the audienc: 

"you mention karaok be featur at gnomedex and you 
might want to point out to other gnomi that thei could 
practic their karaok on my red hot 
karaok page site. there ar the word and music for 
more than 1100 song avail on the site and by 
download the yamanha midiplug (a link is provid) thei 
can even chang the kei of the song to suit their voic 
rang as well as speed up or slow down the music to their 
tast. in other word, to have the same experi as thei 
would have with profession karaok equip but at no 
extra cost! at thi price (zero) a lot of gnomi go to 
gnomedex could be sing up a storm by be properli 
prepar for your karaok."

travel dai on wednesdai as i head down to ankeni, iowa to 
help out a former co-worker and avid gnomi with some server 
and network stuff. the tough part is rememb 
everyth i'll need. it never fail, though. i alwai, 
alwai, alwai forget someth. i can make list two week 
in advanc and i'll end up 30 mile down the road with a 
handprint on my forehead when i come to the realiz that 
i left someth import behind. what will it be thi 
time, i wonder? i'll let you know on thursdai.




see you in august,              randi nieland       

 gnomenetwork
forward to internet address fail
http://support.microsoft.com/default.aspx?scid=kb;en-us;q181636
client inquir about the possibl of forward all 
intern and internet email to hi aol mailbox when he's out 
of the offic, and i figur it's go to be a piec of 
cake. he recent acquir a new phone through verizon along 
with web access and a tie into hi aol mailbox, which wa 
the drive forc behind thi request. what i found wa that 
internet email prove to be easi us a simpl forward 
rule, but none of the intern exchang email wa be sent 
out to the internet upon receipt, even though it appear to 
be includ in the rule. as it happen, thi is due to a 
default configur option on the exchang 5.5 server that 
prevent automat repli/forward from be sent to the 
internet us the exchang internet mail servic. a quick 
configur chang and restart of im will put thing 
right.


 gnomesystem
stop the press
http://www.wininform.com/articl/index.cfm?articleid=25802
... the cd press, that is. microsoft ha given in to 
the greater good and delai window 2000 servic pack 3 
indefinit. sure, it's mildli disappoint, but i applaud 
the move. instead of try to downplai the previous 
identifi problem with microsoft instal (msi) 2.0, the 
servic pack will be put on ic until the issu ar 
straighten out. here's a quot for you... good job, 
microsoft.


 gnomealertz
todai's top 5 kbalertz

q198845 - wd2000: how to return onli file name us filesearch properti (q198845)
q310436 - cannot plai a dvd in window xp (q310436)
q321305 - how to log on to window xp if you forget your password or your password expir (q321305)
q321146 - freddi fish 2: the case of the haunt schoolhous program caus an error messag in window xp (q321146)
q321144 - vision on touch 8100 scanner caus an error messag in window xp (q321144)



chri teach the basic: if you've got friend or famili who want to learn more about their pc, from a gui who make thing nice and easi, check out the vh releas of comput basic in the gnomestor. chri team with techtv cohort, kate botello, to lead novic on a journei through their comput. from basic interact, to instal app, to us the internet and e-mail, chri and kate have all the basic cover. help out a friend and  get them a copi todai.    


recommend it!
 gnomeassist
window xp system file checker
dean truax mention the system file checker as a 
possibl solut to my window media player problem under 
window xp, and i did inde run through it prior to 
attempt an in-place upgrad, obvious with no 
improv. it's still worth a mention, howev, in case 
you're not familiar with what it's there for. as you're 
probabl awar, xp contain a file protect scheme that 
will immedi replac ani system file that ar delet or 
alter in ani wai, ensur that xp is kept in a stabl 
state. sometim thi system can get a littl out of whack, 
and the sfc is meant to restor order. note that ani 
hotfix and other microsoft-provid updat will be left 
in place sinc thei properli updat the dll cach that is 
us as the saniti check to determin if a system file ha 
been mess with. to access the sfc, simpli launch a command 
prompt and type "sfc" to displai a list of option.


 gnomestuff
consid thi
forward by jw

http://www.computerworld.com/securitytop/secur/stori/0,10801,72519,00.html
the next time you have a face-to-face with your elect 
repres, you might want to start ask about their 
opinion on technolog law that ar be propos left and 
right. hold a public offic seem to be introduc brain 
death more frequent consid propos by senat fritz 
holl and now la congressman howard berman. if mr. berman 
get hi wai, compani mai veri well be allow to hack 
into your system without proof of provoc in order to 
ensur that you ar us their softwar accord to the 
state rule. mind you, if thei caus colater damag or 
upset other system, there isn't thing on you can do in 
return. nope, thei'll have legal protect. thi garbag is 
serious get scari. if you think it won't be abus, 
consid the case of dimitri skylarov when he publicli 
point out ebook secur problem with adob's softwar 
and wa promptli thrown in jail for hi troubl under the 
author of the digit millenium copyright act. he wa 
eventu releas, but that doesn't make it ani more 
right.






recommend it!



http://www.lockergnom.com/issu/techspecialist/20020710.html
your subscrib e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - to unsubscrib or chang your deliveri address, pleas visit the subscript manag page. for further inform, pleas refer to the gnomecredit in the sidebar.





look over here

 download tip ebook

 latest window daili
 latest digit media
 latest tech specialist
 latest penguin shell
 latest appl core
 latest web weekli
 latest bit & byte
 latest audio show

 low price search
 our tech confer

 microsoft offic tip
 pc product tip
 cool internet tip
 window 2000 tip
 window xp tip

 tell a friend about us!
 suggest a featur
 advertis with us
 high-tech job search
 chat with gnomi
 watch the webcam
 comput power user

 read past issu
 download x-setup
 about lockergnom
 our privaci polici
 view more option
 our xml / rss feed
 syndic our tip
 link to lockergnom
 get chri's book


 e-mail a suggest
 your rant / rave
 gener feedback
 the editor's blog
 e-mail the editor
 sound system
yamaha rx-v1200
soni davc900
harman kardon	avr520
denon	avr5803
pioneer vsxd811s
pioneer elit	vsx49tx
soni htddw840
yamaha htr5560
bose ls122bk
soni davc450

 gnomespeci
 manag your workgroup
 form pilot
 sai the time 5.0
 boomer - stream now
 creat web/cd catalog
 easi web editor
 kleptomania
 tag&renam
 pretti good solitair
 visual color combo
 firststop websearch
 ecobuild
 book collector
get list here
question: which group is 250,000+ strong and alwai look for stuff to make their person and profession live run smoother? 


 


click here to zoom

 
look it up





 
byte me now

©2002, lockergnom llc. issn: 1095-3965. all right reserv. pleas read our term of servic. our web site is host by digitaldaz. domain regist at dn central.





