[infoworld] ballmer describ what a chief softwar architect doesrohit wa wonder what microsoft's definit of a chief softwar
architect is (and, consequ, what microsoft think is a roadmap).
here you go, from mr. ballmer to mr. gillmor to mr. fork...
architectur is war; love 'em or hate 'em, at least microsoft
understand that: as chief sa, billg overse all product strategi.

"there ar two thing a road map can be. on is just a piec of paper
that tell what everyon is do and record a bunch of bottom-up
plan. or it can be someth where we impos more broadli our vision
from the top. we ar not go to try to get everyth share. ...
that's a path for get everyth stop up. but at the same time we
ar try to take the top four or five thing we ar try to do in
the longhorn wave, yukon wave, or the .net wave and realli have enough
time to have some cross-cut discuss about how we make that happen."

"bill [gate] is dedic full-time to be chief softwar
architect. he also happen to be chairman of the compani, but he spend
most of hi time be chief softwar architect. we have a bodi now that
meet everi month -- the sltt [senior leadership technic team],
basic the top peopl involv in the product-creat strategi --
and we present and discuss the issu. bill is drive a process for
each of these wave. for instanc, [he will ask] what ar the
cross-cut scenario that i want, and then [he will] get all the
right product group togeth and bring these thing in front of the sltt."

"peopl talk about what it take to be a good manag, and peopl talk
about be a good coach and get peopl to like you. in a larg
organ those thing ar import, but at a certain level, ... the
most import thing you can do for your peopl to make them better is
to give them a framework where thei can work in harmoni with the other
peopl in the compani. and from bill's perspect, [thi framework] is
the technic road map and the sltt process; it is the scenario. from
my perspect, it is the p&l; [profit and loss] structur and the
multipl busi becaus, given how we work, give peopl a
framework that get them to make the whole bigger than the sum of the
part will mean we have better offer."



http://www.infoworld.com/articl/pl/xml/02/07/22/020722plballmer.xml

ballmer in charg 
juli 18, 2002 1:01 pm pt

no on know better than microsoft ceo steve ballmer that, as the .net
platform evolv, the success of microsoft depend on how well the
compani coordin it tool, server, and client strategi and how well
it commun that vision. in an interview with infoworld test center
director steve gillmor and infoworld editor at larg ed scannel at
microsoft fusion 2002, ballmer discuss the progress of .net, chang
in the compani's approach to product develop, and microsoft's
effort to simplifi product licens and inspir trust in custom and
partner.

> last time we talk wa two year ago, at the begin of the .net
> era. so where ar we now in the .net evolut?

let me start by talk about where i think we ar in the xml revolut
first, and then [i will] talk about where we ar with .net. i believ
that the it industri collect decid over the last three or four
year that the world wa go to be replatform with xml as the kei
foundat. it's not like anyon ever got togeth to decid thi, but
it's like magnet north, where it's been clearli indic that
everyon is ralli around the concept. but i think the degre to which
[xml] is pervas might still be underestim. a lot of partner,
even at thi confer, see it as b-to-b for big compani. but it is
realli about the wai softwar in gener is design. it is all about
the wai secur should work. manag -- everyth is chang.

so to answer your direct question, two year ago i might have said the
juri is still out about whether [xml] wa go to happen. we were
question if it wa go to be a legitim competitor to java. but
now the world ha decid to embrac [xml] as the basi for the next
gener of technolog. and there ar a lot of benefit that come with
it. could it have been someth other than xml? sure it could have. it
wasn't the specif technic implement; it is mere the fact that
it come out of internet standard. it ha deeper semant abil. it
is all about interoper and connect.

so in that context, where ar we with .net? i'll sai a coupl
thing. no. 1, i would sai we have some momentum in the market. we have
custom us the .net product line, like merril [lynch], credit
suiss, mark & spencer, citibank, and a varieti of other. peopl who
ar do some thing for real. i feel like the degre we ar out front
is in some wai smaller and in some wai larger.

> how so?

smaller in the sens that everyon is talk the xml talk, even sun;
bigger in the execut sens: we've deliv. we deliv the first
batch of product that realli were built xml to the core -- visual
studio .net and biztalk server -- and we ar get traction. so i feel
good about where our execut is rel to everyon els. that is not
to sai that other peopl aren't do some reason bolt-on xml
support for the stuff thei have.

> you have some heavi lift to do to convinc your custom and
> partner to follow along. what do you have to do to set the standard
> for adopt and upgrad to thi next gener?

we have to present the pictur that we ar behav consist within
the framework of focus on custom issu and custom satisfact
and trustworthi comput, which we have articul. now there ar some
thing i would have done differ, in 20-20 hindsight. i would have
increas the focu on not just secur but deploy, becaus a lot
of the secur problem ar actual deploy problem. we have the
fix, but sometim we can't get the tool in their hand to deploi those
fix fast enough. licens -- i know i would have given more time, and
there ar better wai to plan around the kind of chang we made. we
ar still go to have to get smart about the full ramif.

> do you expect ani chang to be made between now and juli 31 to
> licens 6.0? there is a lot of push-back on thi.

no, there is noth that will happen between now and juli 31. and we
will continu to learn over time what we need to do to earn our
custom' trust and earn their busi. i think mani of the peopl who
ar push back realli don't even know the new term.

> isn't that your fault for not educ them?

ye, it is our fault. but you meet with plenti of custom whose
compani alreadi have licens, and thei ar sai, 'i think there's a
problem.' i don't deni there ar some problem. i am sure there ar some
issu we will have to work on over time.

after juli 31 we ar go to see what the real issu ar. i wa
talk to a custom at the show who wa sai he thought there would
be a problem, and i told him that we just complet a deal with hi
compani and that he is now univers licens and that total cost to
hi compani ar now lower than thei were befor. and he said, 'oh realli?'

so we'll go through juli 31. we have a lot of custom who have sign
licens, and i am sure we ar go to find some issu. my bigger
concern todai ar probabl not in the larger account, but there mai be
some issu we need to address among the smaller-size compani, and we will.

> how doe the .net initi chang the wai in-hous client and server
> develop work togeth? 

what we ar try to do for the health of .net and the health of the
compani and the saniti of the peopl who work there and the qualiti of
the product we produc is to have a more orchestr, ¸ber-road map
of where we ar go.

now there ar two thing a road map can be. on is just a piec of paper
that tell what everyon is do and record a bunch of bottom-up
plan. or it can be someth where we impos more broadli our vision
from the top. we ar not go to try to get everyth share. ...
that's a path for get everyth stop up. but at the same time we
ar try to take the top four or five thing we ar try to do in
the longhorn wave, yukon wave, or the .net wave and realli have enough
time to have some cross-cut discuss about how we make that happen.

bill [gate] is dedic full-time to be chief softwar
architect. he also happen to be chairman of the compani, but he spend
most of hi time be chief softwar architect. we have a bodi now that
meet everi month -- the sltt [senior leadership technic team],
basic the top peopl involv in the product-creat strategi --
and we present and discuss the issu. bill is drive a process for
each of these wave. for instanc, [he will ask] what ar the
cross-cut scenario that i want, and then [he will] get all the
right product group togeth and bring these thing in front of the sltt.

peopl talk about what it take to be a good manag, and peopl talk
about be a good coach and get peopl to like you. in a larg
organ those thing ar import, but at a certain level, ... the
most import thing you can do for your peopl to make them better is
to give them a framework where thei can work in harmoni with the other
peopl in the compani. and from bill's perspect, [thi framework] is
the technic road map and the sltt process; it is the scenario. from
my perspect, it is the p&l; [profit and loss] structur and the
multipl busi becaus, given how we work, give peopl a
framework that get them to make the whole bigger than the sum of the
part will mean we have better offer.

> it seem the scenario construct is realli work for you. is thi an
> evolut of the solut approach? 

i would sai it is a pretti direct extrapol from the solut
stuff, onli i think we ar just get a littl more experi. i
think we us the word scenario more often and solut less, becaus
solut sound more like a fix thing. at the end of the dai, most of
the thing we do ar customiz and programm, and so peopl make
them into the solut thei want. but thei ar still scenario. what
will softwar deploy look like? well, that is a scenario becaus it
involv window, offic, and other applic.

we ar work hard to make sure the whole is bigger than the sum of the
part. that's not to sai peopl ar alwai comfort with thi. i
can't even sai we will do it perfectli. all we have to do is do it a lot
better than we had been do it. i think that would be a big step
forward for the custom.

> will thi approach cut down on some of the technolog civil war
> microsoft ha had in the past involv who is go to gain control of
> a project? thi seem to be a veri democrat approach to develop.

i would not us the word democraci to describ it. peopl have to come
togeth and ultim make some decis. thi is not a vote
process here, the agenda of what we think is import. we get a lot of
input. [but] onc it is decid, peopl don't get to vote with their feet.

we try to make a quantum leap here in term of our abil to improv
pull togeth all the piec. our custom want us to do
that. simplifi concept by unifi them. the custom don't sai
thei want us to do that, but when we do do that, thei go, 'ahhh, i get
it. that make sens.'

i don't want to go to six more meet where peopl sai, 'is your
workflow strategi biztalk?' ... or 'what's your offic workflow
strategi?' or 'why is synchron in some wai better for e-mail and
outlook than it is for file folder and web page?'

to get that sort of synchron sometim -- to get that high-level
road map to work -- you have to build someth we don't have todai. so
we have been talk about unifi storag. and so the best wai to get
all thi stuff to work is to get them all to work just on wai. then you
just keep tune on set of paramet instead of have a thousand
flower bloom.

> in your fusion keynot todai, you talk about who your competitor
> ar, and it wa the usual suspect. but on you didn't mention is
> yourself. you ar compet against the last gener of your technolog.

alwai. given that our stuff doesn't wear out or break down -- you can
question whether it break or not [ballmer grin] -- but it doesn't
break down like machineri doe. to get anyon to do someth new, we
have to have someth interest and innov.

peopl think, ok, should we just do more upgrad or try to sell more
new product? we decid that user like us to do a level of system
integr so thei don't have to get involv in that. so take
sharepoint team servic, which we put in offic. we could have sold
team servic as a separ product, and we could have introduc a new
sku [stock keep unit]. we could have decid if it should work down
level with the old offic or just the new version of offic, and we
could do that with real-time commun. but we tend to like to put
thing togeth, integr them, and then releas batch?1202?-- which
ar then 'upgrad' -- as a form of introduc our new innov. but
no matter how you do it, becaus our stuff doe not wear out, we have to
convinc peopl that some idea we have is better or more power than
the older idea we had.

and there ar two aspect of do that. on aspect is, on a given
product or upgrad releas, doe that make sens? or do we convinc you
that over an nyear period of time we will have enough innov that
you will want to be licens for that innov. and thi is part of
thi whole licens discuss we ar have.

we move to the new licens for two reason, i would sai. no. 1, we
want to simplifi our licens. when we look back a year from now, i
guarante you that where we ar now is simpler than where we
were. noth is simpler dure a transit becaus thei ar learn
the new and ar more familiar with the old, but i think peopl will
eventu realiz thi is simpler. our licens got pretti complic
over the year, and some peopl came to not understand it all.

the other issu is [the time of deliv] our innov. i don't
want to have a lot of rough question [from custom]. so when we do
have new idea, it's like, ok, should we put it in thi upgrad or that
on or just have a stream of stuff that onli our best custom have
access to under the term of their contract? i think in the long run we
have a better chanc of satisfi them with the latter than with
hit them with six differ upgrad. i am a fan of [let] the
custom decid, ok, i want that piec or thi piec. but thei ar
licens for all of it. so those ar the two thing we sought to do.

> that get back to the trust issu, where if you front-load it, that's
> the big, lumpi upgrad; and if you back-load it with the vision, the
> .net 2003 server, you have a long gap in the middl where you have to
> sell into an untrust audienc.

the truth is, we need to be better at both. there ar some thing you
can onli do big and lumpi, like a new file system. it's not like some
sort of small user featur; if you chang the file system, then the
storag, the backup, probabi those thing ar go to chang. probabl
the shell ought to chang.the applic ... a lot of thing ar go
to chang. can you call that lumpi? or you can put out four new featur
in powerpoint, sure -- that would not look lumpi to user.

i think we have to build trust in the model, and we ar go to have to
deliv more over time. it will not come overnight. peopl will have to
see that we do a few thing, ... that not all of our innov is
lumpi, that more of it come evenli and steadili. peopl develop a
confid and faith; thei like both aspect of the model. over time,
our support need to becom more intim involv in that stori.

we know that, but we don't know exactli what that mean yet. and thi
whole notion of softwar as a servic -- thi is not a licens or
busi discuss. it's how doe softwar get rearchitect in the
world of the internet? i mean, how mani softwar product ar
fundament differ becaus of the internet? not mani. probabl the
anti-viru gui keep up the best. thei ar alwai feed new viru
support in. i ask the audienc [at fusion] how mani us window
updat. now that's a small piec of softwar, but it is big. that's the
consum market; we've got to get that to realli purr in the corpor market.

> the lack of broadband build-out and adopt seem to be hold up
> the abil for user to take advantag of some new servic you're
> talk about. when bill [gate] invest in comcast cabl, it
> trigger the babi bell to get on board with dsl. what ar you do
> now to deal with that issu?

the no. 1 thing is, we have to make softwar that is so compel that
peopl will start sai, 'well, of cours i am go to get broadband.'

> and 802.11 is on of those compel featur?

ye, it is. i wa in a hotel in sun vallei, [utah], thi week that wa
not wire. so i turn on my pc, and xp tell me there is a wireless
network avail. so i connect to someth call mountain. well, i
don't know what that is. but i have a vpn into microsoft; it work. i
don't know whose broadband i us. i didn't see it in bill's room. i
call him up and said, 'hei, come over to my room.' so soon everyon is
there and connect to the internet through my room.

we have to support all the modal, whether it is gpr [gener
packet radio servic] or 802.11. we have to make it easi to provis
from a softwar perspect for thing that go on with dsl [and] cabl
modem. ... and the softwar ha to want a broadband link. there ar not
mani thing you do where you sai i realli care about the perform. if
i am download powerpoint file, then i want broadband. so when you
can do thing with speed that you otherwis can't do without speed, that
is go to put a lot of pressur on the broadband commun.

that's the weird answer. the more normal answer is, yeah, isn't it
aw: there is not enough broadband, and the price thei charg ... . i
agre with all that. if you look at what happen in japan recent,
there wa a big drop -- it is now $25 a month for dsl. vroom. thei have
gone from almost no dsl connect a year ago to 1.5 [million] or 1.8
million [subscrib].

> so how do we make that happen in thi countri?

i think that is beyond us. if there is enough interest where the
consum ar look intens for broadband, whether it is at todai's
price or tomorrow's price, that is go to shake out the
marketplac. and i think the marketplac will do a good job. we just
have to make it someth obviou that consum want. now i happen to
live in a neigborhood where there is no broadband network. no dsl or
cabl modem. well, i have a neighbor, [teledes chairman and co-ceo]
craig mccaw, who ha a wireless network that i think i can piggyback off
of [ballmer laugh]. so, ye, broadband is a bottleneck -- but i also
think we have to look at ourslev as a softwar industri and sai,
'aren't we, too, some of that bottleneck?' we have not built softwar
that make broadband a must-have.

> microsoft ceo weigh in
> 
> ballmer address a number of kei issu for custom and partner.
> 
> on secur and trust: "there ar some thing i would have done
> differ."
> 
> on coordin product group: "we ar work hard to make sure
> the whole is bigger than the sum of the part."  
>
> on product licens: "we ar still go to have to get smart
> about the full ramif." 


----
adam@xent.com -- long .sig alert!



i believ it is quit possibl to product appli both supposedli
incompat approach [rest & soap] togeth.  i'll sketch it out
below, both in prescript form.  note: while thi is proscript, it
is expect that local adapt will be provid.

1. start by model the persist resourc that you wish to expos.
by persist resourc, i am refer to entiti that have a typic
life expect of dai or greater.  ensur that each instanc ha a
uniqu url.  when possibl, assign meaning name to resourc.

2. whenev possibl, provid a default xml represent for each
represent.  unlik tradit object orient program
languag where there is a uniqu getter per properti, typic there
will be a singl represent of the entir instanc.  these
represent will often contain xlink (a.k.a. pointer or
refer) to other instanc.

3. now add high level method which take care of all composit creat,
updat, and delet oper.  a kei aspect of the design is that
messag for these oper need to be self contain - both the
sender and receiv should be abl to make the absolut minimum of
assumpt as to the other's state, and multipl request should not be
requir to implement a singl logic oper.  all request should
provid the appear of be execut atom.

4. queri oper deserv special consider.  a gener purpos
xml syntax should be provid in everi case.  in addit, when a
reason expect exist that queri paramet will be of a
rel short size and not requir signific encod, then a http
get with the paramet encod as a queri string should also be
provid.

implic  

the follow tabl emphas how thi unifi approach differ from
the "pure" (albeit hypothet) differ posit describ abov.

1. resourc -- post oper explicitli have the possibl of
modifi multipl resourc.  put and delet oper ar rare
us, if ever.  get mai contain queri argument.

2. get -- get must never be us for oper which observ chang
the state of the recipi.  post should be us instead.

3. messag -- do not presum that url ar static, instead presum that
thei identifi the resourc.  in particular, recogn that url can be
dynam gener.  expect url of other soap resourc in
respons.  us the soap respons mep for pure retriev oper.

4. procedur -- treat the url itself as the implicit first paramet.
allow url to be dynam gener, and return in structur.  us
http get for retriev oper.

conclus  

look to the futur, the applic level inter-network protocol
that emerg todai will like be the applic level intra-network
protocol of the next decad.  both rest and soap contain featur that
the other lack.  most significantli:

rest - soap = xlink

the kei bit of function that soap applic miss todai is the
abil to link togeth resourc.  soap 1.2 make signific progress
in address thi.  hopefulli wsdl 1.2 will complet thi import work.

soap - rest = store procedur

look at how other larg scale system cope with updat provid some
kei insight into product area for futur research with respect to rest.

final, it bear repeat.  just becaus a servic is us http get,
doesn't mean that it is rest.  if you ar encod paramet on the
url, you ar probabl make an rpc request of a servic, not retriev
the represent of a resourc.  it is worth read roi field's
 thought
on the subject.  the onli except to thi rule that is routin
condon within the rest crowd is queri.

  -- sam rubi, http://radio.weblog.com/0101679/stori/2002/07/20/restsoap.html
http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


