nytim.com articl: after sept. 11, a legal battl over limit of civil libertythi articl from nytim.com 
ha been sent to you by luke@applix.com.


the mind boggl at the idea that the bush administr ha not bother to find a seriou rational at all, much less on extraordinari enough to justifi these extraordinari measur, much less present it to the public, and that the bush administr appear to be against american-style justic.

the default explan for govern secreci is to conceal offici wrongdo.  the administr is here make the case that american don't even have a right to question govern secreci.

we mai find that the histori of thi past year ha been an epic loot from the public, made possibl by the urgenc of react to 9/11.


luke@applix.com


after sept. 11, a legal battl over limit of civil liberti

august 4, 2002
by the new york time 




 

thi articl wa report and written by adam liptak, neil
a. lewi and benjamin weiser. 

in the fear aftermath of sept. 11, attornei gener john
ashcroft vow to us the full might of the feder
govern and "everi avail statut" to hunt down and
punish "the terrorist among us." 

the roundup that follow the attack, conduct with
wartim urgenc and uncommon secreci, led to the detent
of more than 1,200 peopl suspect of violat
immigr law, be materi wit to terror or
fight for the enemi. 

the govern's effort ha produc few if ani law
enforc coup. most of the detaine have sinc been
releas or deport, with fewer than 200 still be held.


but it ha provok a sprawl legal battl, now be
wage in feder courthous around the countri, that
expert sai ha begun to redefin the delic balanc
between individu liberti and nation secur. 

the main combat ar the attornei gener and feder
prosecutor on on side and a network of public defend,
immigr and crimin defens lawyer, civil
libertarian and some constitut scholar on the other,
with feder judg in between. 

the govern's record ha so far been decidedli mix. as
it ha push civil liberti protect to their limit,
the court, particularli at the trial level, have push
back, stop well short of endors mr. ashcroft's
tactic or the rational he ha offer to justifi them.
feder judg have, howev, allow the govern to
hold two american citizen without charg in militari
brig, indefinit, incommunicado and without a road map
for how thei might even challeng their detent. 

in the nation's histori, the greatest battl over the
reach of govern power have occur against the
backdrop of wartim. some scholar sai the current
restrict on civil liberti ar rel minor by
histor standard and in light of the risk the nation
face. 

the current struggl center on three set of issu.
peopl held simpli for immigr violat have object
to new rule requir that their case be heard in secret,
and thei have leverag those challeng into an attack on
what thei call unconstitut prevent detent. 

peopl brought in and jail as materi wit, those
thought to have inform about terrorist plot, have
argu that thei should not be held to give testimoni in
grand juri investig. 

final, yasser esam hamdi and jose padilla, the two
american label "enemi combat" for what the
govern contend is more direct involv with
terrorist group, ar seek right onc thought to be
fundament to american citizen, like a lawyer's
represent and a chanc to challeng their detent
befor a civilian judg. 

so far, feder judg in newark and detroit have order
secret deport proceed open to public scrutini,
and on fridai a feder district judg in washington
order that the ident of most of the detaine be
made public under the freedom of inform act. 

"secret arrest," judg gladi kessler wrote in the
decis on fridai, "ar a concept odiou to a democrat
societi." 

a senior justic depart offici said the detent
had been law and effect. he said it wa hard to
"prove a neg" and cite specif terrorist act that
had been disrupt. but he said that depart offici
believ that the detent had "incapacit and
disrupt some ongo terrorist plan." 

two feder judg in new york have differ sharpli on
whether the govern mai jail materi wit while
thei wait to testifi in grand juri investig. in
virginia, a feder judg order the govern to allow
mr. hamdi to consult a lawyer. 

"i look at the feder district court judg and just cheer
them on, becaus thei ar do exactli what an independ
judiciari should be do," said jane e. kirtlei, a
professor at the univers of minnesota and former
execut director for the report committe for freedom
of the press. "it's not hostil or adversari; it's simpli
skeptic." 

these lower-court decis have for the most part not yet
been test on appeal, and there is reason to think that
appeal court and the suprem court will prove more
sympathet to the govern's tactic and argument. 

the feder appeal court in richmond, va., for instanc,
revers the decis to allow mr. hamdi to talk to a
lawyer and order the lower court judg to consid
addit evid and argument. 

but even the appeal court seem torn, and it reject the
govern's sweep argument that the court have no role
in review the govern's design of an american
citizen as an enemi combat. 

the detent issu also carri an emot punch. mani of
the arab and muslim caught in the govern dragnet were
cabdriv, construct worker or other type of
labor, and some spent up to seven month in jail befor
be clear of terror ti and deport or releas. 

last month, at a confer held by a feder appeal
court, warren christoph, the secretari of state in the
clinton administr, snap at viet dinh, an assist
attornei gener under presid bush, sai that the
administr's refus to identifi the peopl it had
detain remind him of the "disappear" in argentina. 

"i'll never forget go to argentina and see the
mother march in the street ask for the name of
those be held by the govern," mr. christoph said.
"we must be veri care in thi countri about take
peopl into custodi without reveal their name." 

mr. dinh, who came to the unit state as a refuge from
vietnam, recal hi famili's anguish when hi father wa
taken awai in 1975 for "re-educ." in contrast, he
said, those detain by the unit state were not be
secretli held but were allow to go to the press and seek
lawyer. 

"these ar not incognito detent," he said. "the onli
thing we will not do is provid a road map for the
investig." 

accord to the justic depart, 752 of the more than
1,200 peopl detain sinc sept. 11 were held on
immigr charg. offici said recent that 81
remain in detent. court paper indic there were
about two dozen materi wit, while most of the other
detaine were held on variou state and feder crimin
charg. 

presid bush also ha announc plan to try suspect
foreign terrorist befor militari tribun, though no
such charg have been brought yet. 

last month, william g. young, the feder judg presid
in boston over the crimin case against richard c. reid, a
british citizen accus of try to deton a bomb in hi
shoe on a tran-atlant flight, note that the veri
establish of those tribun "ha the effect of
diminish the american juri, onc the central featur of
american justic." 

judg young, who wa appoint by presid ronald reagan,
ad: "thi is the most profound shift in our legal
institut in my lifetim and - most remark of all -
it ha taken place without engag ani broad public
interest whatsoev." 

jack goldsmith and cass r. sunstein, professor at the
univers of chicago law school, have written that the
bush administr's polici ar a minim challeng to
civil liberti especi compar with chang dure the
time of abraham lincoln and franklin d. roosevelt. what
ha chang, thei sai, is a greater sensit to civil
liberti and a vast increas in mistrust of govern. 

the secreci 

u.s. sai hear 
ar not trial 

ten dai
after last septemb's attack, michael j. creppi, the
nation's chief immigr judg, quietli issu sweep
instruct to hundr of judg for what would turn out
to be more than 600 "special interest" immigr case. 

"each of these case is to be heard separ from all
other case on the docket," judg creppi wrote. "the
courtroom must be close for these case - no visitor, no
famili, and no press." 

"thi restrict," he continu, "includ confirm or
deni whether such a case is on the docket." 

the govern ha never formal explain how it decid
which visa violat would be singl out for thi
extraordinari process, and it ha insist that the
design could not be review by the court. 

but as it turn out, most of these case involv arab and
muslim men who were detain in fairli haphazard wai, for
exampl at traffic stop or through tip from suspici
neighbor. law enforc offici have acknowledg that
onli a few of these detaine had ani signific
inform about possibl terrorist. 

as the rule on fridai in washington suggest, a seri of
legal challeng to thi secreci ha result in strike
legal setback for the administr. sever court have
order the proceed open and have voic consider
skeptic about the govern's justif for it
detent polici gener. 

lee gelernt, a lawyer at the american civil liberti
union, said the secreci of the proceed exacerb the
hardship face by peopl who disappear from sight on
violat that in the past would not have result in
incarcer. 

"prevent detent," he said, "is such a radic
departur from constitut tradit that we certainli
shouldn't be undertak it sole on the justic
depart's sai-so." 

malek zeidan's detent would have been unexcept had
it not given rise to on of the legal challeng that
threaten to end the secret proceed. 

mr. zeidan, 42, is a syrian citizen who overstai hi visa
14 year ago and ha live in paterson, n.j., for more than
a decad. over the year, he ha deliv pizza, driven
an ic cream truck and pump ga. when the immigr and
natur servic came around last jan. 31 to ask him
about a former roommat suspect of marriag fraud, mr.
zeidan wa work at dunkin' donut, and hi expir visa
soon cost him 40 dai in custodi. 

when a hear wa final held three week after hi
detent, the judg close the courtroom, exclud mr.
zeidan's cousin and report. 

the close of proceed prompt lawsuit in feder
court, from both mr. zeidan and two new jersei newspap.
in march, the govern drop the "special interest"
design, mr. zeiden wa releas after post a bond,
and the case he file wa dismiss. the immigr
charg against him will be consid in the fall. 

"you're on of the lucki on," hi lawyer, regi
fernandez, recal tell mr. zeidan, given that other
visa violat were held as long as six or seven month
befor be deport or releas. 

mr. zeidan's lawyer believ that their legal strategi,
which focus on open, forc the govern's hand. 

"the govern wa somehow link secreci to guilt," mr.
fernandez said. "we figur if the public had access to
these hear thei would see that noth went on except
multipl adjourn and delai." 

through a spokeswoman, judg creppi declin to comment. an
i.n.s. offici, who spoke on the condit that he not be
name, said the agenc had act properli in mr. zeidan's
case and in similar case. 

he said the immigr servic had alwai detain peopl
without bond who were link to crimin investig. he
ad that the agenc had no choic now but to detain a
visa violat until the feder bureau of investig wa
sure the person wa not involv in terror. 

"consid the flip side - that you held him for two dai
and then deport him, and 30 dai later you found out he
wa a terrorist," the offici said. 

the newspap' lawsuit ha continu. it ha alreadi onc
reach the suprem court, and the govern's paper
contain on of the fullest account of it posit on
secreci and execut power. 

it main argument is that the court have no role becaus
immigr hear ar not realli trial, but ar mere
administr hear that can be close at will. 

bennet zurofski, who also repres mr. zeidan, said he
wa flabbergast by thi suggest. 

"a trial is a trial," he said. "a person's liberti is at
stake. a person is be held in jail. a person is be
told where to live." 

but in a sworn statement submit in sever court case,
dale l. watson, the execut assist director for
counterterror and counterintellig at the f.b.i.,
outlin the reason behind the govern demand for
total secreci. 

"bit and piec of inform that mai appear innocu
in isol can be fit into a bigger pictur by terrorist
group," he said. 

thi rational for withhold inform, sometim
call the mosaic theori, is controversi. 

"it's imposs to refut," professor kirtlei said,
"becaus who can sai with certainti that it's not true?" 

in mai, john w. bissel, the chief judg of the feder
district court in newark, appoint by presid reagan,
rule for the newspap and order all deport
hear nationwid to be open, unless the govern is
abl to show a need for a close hear on a case-by-case
basi. hi rule follow a similar on in detroit the
month befor, though that case involv onli a singl
detaine. 

the govern appeal to the court of appeal for the
third circuit, in philadelphia, and ask it to block judg
bissel's order until the appeal wa decid. the court,
which will hear argument in septemb, declin to do
that. a number of new organ, includ the new
york time, file a brief as a friend of the court in
support of the newspap. 

the govern then ask the unit state suprem court
to stai judg bissel's order. the court, in a rel
unusu move given that the case wa not befor it for ani
other purpos, block judg bissel's order, suggest
that it might have more sympathi for the govern's
argument. 

the wit 

right violat, 
lawyer contend 

late on sept. 12, feder agent pull
two nervou indian men, moham jawe azmath and sy gul
moham shah, off an amtrak train near fort worth. thei
were carri box cutter, black hair dye and about $5,000
in cash and had also shave their bodi hair. 

the agent' suspicion were obviou. the hijack had us
box cutter and knive to take control of the aircraft and
had receiv letter instruct them to "shave excess hair
from the bodi." an f.b.i. affidavit date sept. 15 said
there wa probabl caus to believ that both of the indian
men were involv in, or "were associ" with, those
respons for the sept. 11 attack. 

but even though govern offici told report that
the men had been detain as materi wit, their
lawyer now sai that thei were held last fall onli on
immigr violat. 

the distinct is import becaus a materi wit
warrant bring the automat appoint of a
govern-paid lawyer, while the govern doe not have
to suppli a visa violat with counsel. 

as a result, the author were abl to question each of
the men repeatedli about terror without a lawyer
present, their current lawyer sai. 

like some of the peopl who were pick up as materi
wit, the indian men were held in isol in jail
in new york for extend period. it wa 91 dai befor mr.
azmath receiv a lawyer and 57 dai befor mr. shah did,
their lawyer sai. 

"it's wrong to keep a man in jail for 57 dai and never
bring him befor a magistr to advis him of hi right,"
mr. shah's lawyer, lawrenc k. feitel, said in an
interview. "it's wrong not to provid him with an attornei
at the threshold. it's wrong to depict thi as an i.n.s.
investig, when in truth and in fact, it's the main
inquiri into the world trade center debacl." 

anthoni l. ricco, the lawyer for mr. azmath, said hi
client wa interrog "often time for sever hour a
dai, with multipl interview, get rapid-fire
question from three or four differ peopl." 

eventu, the f.b.i. and the prosecutor clear the men
of ani involv in terror, and both plead guilti in
june in a credit-card fraud scheme and ar await
sentenc. 

feder prosecutor said in court paper that both men
consent to question. each "wa read and waiv hi
miranda right befor each interview," prosecutor wrote,
ad that each man confess to the credit card offens.


the unit state attornei in manhattan, jame b. comei,
would not comment on the specif case, but said gener
of the govern's tactic: "i don't see ani violat of
ani rule, regul, or law. 

"i can understand defens lawyer not be happi," he
said. "but i know our posit after 9/11 wa to us everi
avail tool, to stai within the rule but plai the whole
field and recogn the boundari, but cover the whole
field. 

"we need to do whatev we can that's legal to investig
and disrupt," he ad. 

todai, it is believ that onli a hand of the two dozen
materi wit, perhap as few as two, ar still be
detain. 

but the process of detain the wit ha stir
intens critic. 

last april, judg shira a. scheindlin of feder district
court in manhattan rule that the us of the law "to detain
peopl who ar presum innoc under our constitut in
order to prevent potenti crime is an illegitim us of
the statut." 

judg scheindlin said the materi wit law appli when
wit were held to give testimoni at trial, not for
grand juri investig. "sinc 1789," judg scheindlin
said, "no congress ha grant the govern the author
to imprison an innoc person in order to guarante that
he will testifi befor a grand juri conduct a crimin
investig." 

then last month, chief judg michael b. mukasei, also of
feder district court in manhattan, upheld the
govern's us of the materi wit statut in grand
juri investig, critic judg scheindlin's
reason. 

judg mukasei, cite the assert in 1807 by chief
justic john marshal that "the public ha a right to everi
man's evid," held that detent of materi wit
dure investig ar proper. 

the war captiv 

no lawyer allow 
under u.s. label 

yasser esam hamdi, a
saudi nation who wa captur in afghanistan, is probabl
an american citizen by virtu of have been born in
louisiana. hi case repres the core issu of what kind
of role the nation's court should have, if ani, in
review the govern's imprison of someon charg
with someth akin to a war crime. 

prosecutor will be back in feder district court in
norfolk, va., next thursdai to confront on of the feder
judg who ha shown resist to the govern's
approach that onc someon is declar an "enemi combat"
by the presid, all judici review ceas. 

judg robert g. doumar, an appointe of presid reagan,
ha twice rule that mr. hamdi is entitl to a lawyer and
order the govern to allow frank dunham, the feder
public defend, to be allow to visit him without
govern offici or listen devic. judg doumar
said that "fair plai and fundament justic" requir it.
he said the govern "could not cite on case where a
prison of ani varieti within the jurisdict of a unit
state district court, who wa held incommunicado and
indefinit." 

but the three-judg panel of the appeal court stai judg
doumar's order, sai he had not fulli consid the
govern's need to keep mr. hamdi incommunicado and,
more import, the execut branch's primaci in area of
foreign and militari affair. 

"the author to captur those who take up arm against
america belong to the command in chief," chief judg j.
harvi wilkinson 3rd wrote for the appeal panel. 

but even judg wilkinson seem to evinc some surpris at
the breadth of what the govern wa assert when he
ask the justic depart's lawyer, "you ar sai that
the judiciari ha no right to inquir at all into someon's
statur as an enemi combat?" 

the govern ha relent slightli, agre to provid
the court with a seal declar of the criteria by
which thei have judg mr. hamdi to be an enemi combat.
but the govern ha argu that judg cannot argu with
the standard. 

judg doumar ha indic that he will question the
govern close on those standard. 

the case of jose padilla, which ha not progress as far
as that of mr. hamdi, mai present an even greater challeng
to normal judici procedur. 

mr. padilla, also known as abdullah al-muhajir, is, like
mr. hamdi, an american citizen, imprison in a naval brig
after have been declar an enemi combat. but unlik
mr. hamdi, mr. padilla wa not arrest on the battlefield
by the militari but on unit state soil by civil law
enforc author, on mai 8 in chicago. 

after hi detent as a materi wit base on
suspicion that he wa seek to obtain materi and
inform to build a radioact bomb, he wa transfer
to militari custodi. 

"thi is the model we all fear or should fear," said mr.
dunham, the public defend. "the execut branch can
arrest an american citizen here and then declar him an
enemi combat and put him outsid the reach of the
court. thei can keep him indefinit without charg him
or give him access to a lawyer or present ani
evid."

http://www.nytim.com/2002/08/04/nation/04civi.html?ex=1029550865&ei;=1&en;=c82350bcf915e44e



how to advertis
---------------------------------
for inform on advertis in e-mail newslett 
or other creativ advertis opportun with the 
new york time on the web, pleas contact
onlinesal@nytim.com or visit our onlin media 
kit at http://www.nytim.com/adinfo

for gener inform about nytim.com, write to 
help@nytim.com.  

copyright 2002 the new york time compani
http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


