how do i get the mbr packag to do it job quietli?i have been experi with the mbr packag.  (mbr is a depend for
the lilo packag; so if you have lilo instal you have mbr packag instal
too.)  i usual instal lilo to the master boot record (boot=/dev/hda
specifi in /etc/lilo.conf).  but in certain situat it is advantag to
instal lilo to the boot sector of a primari partit (boot=/dev/hda1) and
instal a do-like master boot record program in the master boot record,
make the partit contain the lilo boot loader the activ partit.

for exampl, on some of our dell server on can bring up a "boot menu" via
the bio setup program by press f12 dure the post process.  (thi is dure
post and befor the actual boot process.)  upon complet of post, the "bio
boot menu" (not to be confus with the boot menu of ani boot loader) will
be displai.  on of the choic in thi bio boot menu is "boot to util
partit", or someth like that.  thi boot a mainten partit
contain some hardwar test program suppli by dell.  thi work fine
if the master boot record is a standard do/window-style master boot record,
but doe not work with linux-style boot loader, such as grub or lilo.
of cours, i can alwai add the mainten partit to the lilo boot
menu, but our non-linux-profici technician aren't us to thi.  i
want a linux box to look just like a window box as view by a servic
technician.

i could us do or window to instal it master boot record program
with "fdisk /mbr" or fixmbr, or whatev, depend on the releas of
do or window, and set the linux partit activ, and that work.  but
microsoft mai claim that thi mean that our box requir a licens
for do or window.  i'd hate to burn a window licens just to get it
master boot record instal, when that's all i'm us.  it would seem that
the mbr packag in debian gnu/linux is just the ticket for thi sort of
problem.  i have run the "instal-mbr" program, and it work just as
expect.  there is just on littl nit left that i would like to take
care of.  lilo advertis itself by print out "lilo" on the screen
prior to boot the linux kernel.  that's fine.  i want to see that.
mbr also advertis itself by print out "mbr" on the screen when it
boot.  so what i see at boot time is someth like thi:

   mbr

   lilo 22.8 load linux
   bio data check success

and then the linux kernel boot messag.  that's toler, but i'd
like that "mbr" advertis to be elimin.  i read the man page
for instal-mbr, and i can see how to elimin the boot prompt,
which i have done, but i couldn't find a wai to suppress the mbr
advertis.  the do/window mbr program is total silent, a trick
that i would like to teach thi program.  doe anyon know of a wai
to accomplish thi?  or is thi just someth i have to live with?

-- 
  .''`.     stephen powel    
 : :'  :
 `. `'`
   `-


-- 
to unsubscrib, email to debian-user-request@list.debian.org 
with a subject of "unsubscrib". troubl? contact listmast@list.debian.org
archiv: http://list.debian.org/1287129746.1654901270657281956.javamail.root@md01.wow.synacor.com


