tcpa and palladium: content control for the mass
tcpa and palladium: content control for the mass

while secur expert poke and jab at what bit and piec
of the tcpa and palladium spec thei can get ahold of, thei
have tend to focu on how thei work and what thei impli as
far as concern such as privaci and secur go, or
altern, in term of how thei would impact the
function of the gener purpos logic devic.  analyst
both favor and unfavor have been analyz them from
these standpoint, while pai much less attent to what
the propos impli from the standpoint of what content
control itself realli mean.

the most signific problem with tcpa and palladium is not
whether thei mai interfer with the power of the univers
logic devic, or whether thei ar effectu from the
standpoint of privaci and secur concern, though these
ar all veri import concern.  rather, the fundament
problem thei present is in the polit premis that thei
hope to implement for the sake of the "content industri."

tcpa and palladium ar the technolog realiz of the
concept embodi in the wipo perform and phonogram
treati (wppt), which onli came into effect thi past mai
20th (with littl public notic or fanfar, of cours).  the
wppt declar an unpreced "moral right" of author to
control public us of their work.

*that's* the real game plan.

tcpa and palladium ar simpli content control for the
mass.  thei constitut an effort to "democrat" content
control under the concept of "moral right," encourag the
public to overlook the clear public interest issu rais
by the specter of content control, and to confus these
issu with privat interest issu such as privaci and
secur.  thei ar an effort to get the public to jump on
the bandwagon without adequ consider of what's
realli on the line.

in america, we have never support the concept of "moral
right" which the wppt profess.  the us constitut
accord congress the power to grant (or deni) exclus
right to work and invent for the purpos of promot
the progress of the us art and scienc, not for the
purpos of reward the origin of creator -- though
that result is obvious a consequ of exclus right
statut such as copyright law.  our suprem court
explicitli articul thi distinct, and for veri good
reason.  in america, we implicitli understand the
distinct between express, the aspect of work to which
copyright statut appli, and the fact and idea that make
up a work, to which it doe *not* appli.

the reason for thi is essenti and unavoid, and must
be state clearli and unequivoc at thi junctur:
inform is free.  it's not that it *want* to be -- it
*is* and it alwai ha been.  thi fact is unassail,
howev, unless we let come to pass a world that subscrib
to "univers content control" for the sake of so-call
"moral right" implement at the behest of narrow content
industri interest.

tcpa and palladium ar initi that hope to encourag
the gener public, and more specif produc of
inform product in gener, to identifi content control
with "moral right," blith overlook the real
implic of inform technolog in a free societi,
and the long tradit of american jurisprud uphold
the freedom intrins to inform, a freedom on which the
prospect of inform technolog crucial depend.

seth johnson

-- 

[cc] counter-copyright:
http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/cc/cc.html

i reserv no right restrict copi, modif or
distribut of thi incident record commun. 
origin authorship should be attribut reason, but
onli so far as such an expect might hold for usual
practic in ordinari social discours to which on hold no
claim of exclus right.

http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


