re: a messag for our timesrod of unusu size wrote:
> i'm not up to fork the text, but for your entertain:
> 
> http://www.kanga.nu/~claw/bug_count.html

fine, *i'll* fork it. thi piec ha been up on the wall of our
cto's offic for year. it deserv to be fork, or even refork.

- joe

(btw, raid is the home-grown bug track system us at microsoft.
see e.g. http://www.stsc.hill.af.mil/crosstalk/1995/oct/shippin.asp.
it wa a fine tool, better than ani other i've had to us...)



the bug count also rise


by john brown
(imit hemingwai contest winner)

in the fall of that year the rain fell as usual and wash the leav 
of the dust and drip from the leav onto the ground. the shuttl 
drove through the raini street and took the peopl to meet, then 
later brought them back, their tire sprai the mist into the air.

mani dai he stood for a long time and watch the rain and the shuttl 
and drank hi doubl-tall mocha. with the mocha he wa strong.

hernando who work down the hall and who wa larg with microbrew came 
to him and told him that the ship dai wa upon them but the bug were 
not yet out. the bug which were alwai there even when you were in 
cafe late at night sip a redhook or a doubl-tall mocha and you 
thought you were safe but thei were there and although enrico kept the 
floor swept clean and the mocha were hot the bug were there and thei 
at at you.

when hernando told him thi he ask how mani bug. "the raid is huge 
with bug," hernando said. "the bug ar infinit."

"why do you ask me? you know i cannot do thi thing anymor with the bug."

"onc you were great with the bug," hernando said. "no on wa 
greater," he said again. "even prado."

"prado? what of prado? let prado fix the bug."

hernando shrug. "prado is finish. he wa gore by three sev 2's in 
chicago. all he doe now is drink herb tea and plai with hi screensav."

"herb tea?"

"it is true, my friend." hernando shrug again. later he went to hi 
offic and sat in the dark for a long time. then he sent e-mail to michael.

michael came to him while he wa sip a mocha. thei sat silent for 
awhil, then he ask michael, "i need you to triag for me."

michael look down. "i don't do that anymor," he said.

"thi is differ. the bug ar enorm. there ar an infin of bug."

"i'm finish with that," michael said again. "i just want to live 
quietli."

"have you heard prado is finish? he wa badli gore. now he can onli 
drink herb tea."

"herb tea?" michael said.

"it is true," he said sorrowfulli.

michael stood up. "then i will do it, my friend," he said formal. "i 
will do it for prado, who wa onc great with the bug. i will do it for 
the time we fill prado's offic with bounci ball, and for the time 
prado wore hi nerf weapon in the market hall and slew all of them 
with no fear and onli a great joi at the combat. i will do it for all 
the pizza we at and the bottl of coke we drank."

togeth thei walk slowli back, know it would be good. as thei 
walk the rain drip softli from the leav, and the shuttl carri 
the bodi back from the meet.

-- 
the combat state is your father and your mother, your onli
protector, the total of your interest. no disciplin can
be stern enough for the man who deni that by word or deed.


http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


