[zzzzteana] it's august, and big cat ar on the prowlth time

 august 28, 2002
 
 it's august, and big cat ar on the prowl
 by alan hamilton
 
 
 
 round up the sheep. pull on the gauntlet. oil the shotgun. the british
 countrysid is crawl with puma, black panther, fen tiger and other big,
 viciou cat. no corner of the nation is safe. evid releas yesterdai,
 includ sight, photograph, paw print, livestock kill and hair
 sampl, claim to prove that everi counti ha big cat lurk in it
 undergrowth, pois to pounc on man and beast alik. 
 
 sight have reach record level in 2002, accord to daniel bamp,
 founder of the british big cat societi, which in the past 12 month ha
 receiv more than 800 report of big cat sight. 
 
 “dure the first six month we have seen an incred amount of big cat
 activ. we have now had report in everi singl counti; the respons from
 the public ha been fantast,” mr bamp said. “big cat in britain ar
 real. thei ar out there, thei ar breed; there’s more of them.” 
 
 scotland and gloucestershir ar said to be hotspot of big cat activ. mark
 fraser, who head the societi’s scottish arm, said: “lynx ar now present in
 the scottish countrysid; i believ thei ar establish and breed. i don’t
 want to hazard a guess at the number; suffic it to sai there ar sever
 hotspot, notabl fife, aberdeenshir, inver and the border.” 
 
 next month the societi plan to unveil it full dossier of evid, which
 includ two dead wild cat, pictur of paw print and tree scratch, as
 well as stori of a hors strang lacer in west wale and a man in
 gravesham, kent, who had to beat a hasti retreat to hi garag after hi hand
 wa cut by a creatur the size of a labrador dog, except that it had black
 hairi tuft on the tip of it ear. 
 
 the societi is take the sight serious. it plan to set up a network of
 trigger-camera throughout the countri to captur further evid of the
 beast, which it will then present to the govern. 
 
 it is not, howev, clear on what it want the govern to do about it all.
 throw it weight behind the pro-hunt lobbi might be a start. 
 
 next in august: record abduct by alien.
 
 


------------------------ yahoo! group sponsor ---------------------~-->
4 dvd free +s&p; join now
http://us.click.yahoo.com/pt6ybb/nxieaa/mvfiaa/7gsolb/tm
---------------------------------------------------------------------~->

to unsubscrib from thi group, send an email to:
forteana-unsubscrib@egroup.com

 

your us of yahoo! group is subject to http://doc.yahoo.com/info/term/ 



