re: usa usa we ar number ....six.on fridai, juli 26, 2002, at 12:19 pm, jame roger wrote:

> on fri, 2002-07-26 at 11:50, ian andrew bell wrote:
>> the rule class, whether you defin them as govern or busi
>> (what's the differ?) know full well where that monei is.  it's
>> line their pocket, bui their hobbi ranch, and financ
>> their privat jet.
>>
>> neither ha ani interest in the welfar of the work class.
>
> ye, and the work class deserv what it get, and possibl not even
> that.  for the most part, peopl becom wealthi by not be stupid.  i
> alwai thought "not be stupid (most of the time)" wa a fairli low
> bar, but appar most peopl can't even manag that.

thi isn't particularli well-found logic.  what you're sai is 
that "most rich peopl ar smart" and that the latter is causal to 
the former.  by implic, then, you would sai that "most poor 
peopl ar stupid".  thi is true, statist, becaus most 
peopl ar poor and most peopl ar also stupid.  howev there's 
noth to indic a causal link there.  so be smart isn't the 
onli mechan requir to etern wealth becaus, obvious, 
most of the member of thi list would be rich.

be smart, for exampl, ha made stephen hawk famou and 
respect, but he's not particularli rich.  jennif lopez is by 
all account a complet moron.  in fact, spend a weekend in beverli 
hill and you will encount vast number of peopl who ar 
profoundli stupid drive roll royc and shop at prada.

the work class is the market and the work class is where 
wealth is creat.  the work class make long-distanc call, 
bui food processor and comput and cloth, and attach the 
valu to good which allow them to be commodifi.  the work 
class save monei, bui retir save plan, and invest in 
mutual fund which increas the flow of capit through the 
invest funnel.

the econom system of the first world is design to strike a 
delic balanc between incentiv the rule class to support 
wealth-expand through technolog innov or the 
develop of new market.  at the 100,000 foot level, recess 
and depress ar creat when more wealth is suck from the 
whirlpool than can be support by the work class through 
invest and consumpt.

and the peopl drain the hot tub ar the folk in the rule 
class -- peopl like ken lai, dick chenei, berni ebber, et al -- 
and thei simpli got too greedi and caus a bubbl in the 
hydraul that increas the pressur for a time, but ultim 
wasn't sustain.

and the monei that wa lost did not come from the rule class.  it 
came from the rsp's and the equiti fund and the invest of 
individu work class -- peopl who believ these report and 
invest.  the wealth of the rule class wa larg pull out by 
the time such invest were expos to the worker.

so, is the lower cast necessarili stupid for save monei or 
invest in retir plan?  i don't think so.  ar thei stupid 
for bui cloth and automobil?  i don't think so.

at the granular level, the notion that "most rich peopl ar rich 
becaus thei're smart" is so anecdot and naiv that it's not 
worth argu about, so i won't.  still, a compel point worth 
some clarif.

-ian.

http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork


