bridg the gap between liberti and microsoft (tech updat)

tech updat todai































vital sign for juli 15, 2002









david berlind


bridg the gap between liberti and microsoft


it appear that we ar closer to a solut for singl sign-on and ident manag. but what if microsoft choos not to support  liberti's specif?







let's look at the worst-case scenario









latest from zdnet new


white hous review secur backbon


hp delet e-busi softwar


break the wireless speed barrier?


pentium 4 to power dell budget pc


amd chip at mobil, flash market


norwai cancel microsoft contract


hacker challeng internet monitor



more enterpris new
















farber's pick

















danfarb







microsoft stress secur for exchang

microsoft is readi a new exchang server e-mail system, with improv secur, a facelift for outlook, and better support for cell phone and other handheld. the upcom version, the compani's first major updat of the product sinc releas exchang 2000 nearli two year ago, will by default disabl certain messag featur to prevent hacker and viru maker from take advantag of open. while microsoft's biggest nemesi in the e-mail and messag market is lotu, the compani also compet against novel and newcom oracl, which plan to releas it own e-mail and messag softwar later thi year. 








read the full stori



ibm put more bite in 'shark'

can ibm's releas of a new top-end "shark" enterpris storag system boost the compani's prospect in the depress storag market? big blue ha fix mani earli shark problem, improv everyth from data transfer capabl to cach size, and ad raid 10 support and eliza self-heal featur. but ibm face the still domin emc, which last week lure awai mark lewi from hp to becom it new cto; and hitachi, which  still boast the technolog edg. ibm's edg is it abil to bundl shark sale with relat server and servic deal.




read the full stori


report: linux hack attack on the rise


hacker ar increasingli target linux-base web server, while the number of success attack on window system ha decreas, accord to a new report.  linux server applic ar often vulner to attack becaus of mismanag, accord to the studi, which urg linux system administr to be more vigil about patch known secur bug. 
 




read the full stori


frethem worm variant:  "re: your password!"

an e-mail messag that promis to reveal secret inform with a password is a variant from the peski frethem worm famili. frethem.k (aka w32.frethem.k@mm) is a more robust version of frethem.e, which us it own smtp engin to send e-mail us address obtain from infect system. mac and linux user ar not affect. 



read the full stori











an improv clie

with the clie peg-t665c, soni took everyth good about the peg-t615c--includ it terrif color screen and solid design--and ad a faster processor and mp3 support to make quit an attract palm os pda. but with pocket pc now sell for less than thi clie and a whole new palm os on the horizon, is thi the right time to invest in the t665c?




read the full review




write me at dan.farber@cnet.com
back to top





















also on tech updat todai








commentari 





handl employe relat with care

erm is the latest relationship manag buzzword. adrian mello help you get beyond the market hype by weigh the merit of employe portal.


 



download 





how to defrag your hard drive--and speed up your pc

look for a quick wai to rev up a sluggish system? try defrag your hard drive. sinc the window defrag tool is less than ideal, preston gralla show you three download that do a better job of it.




 





previous on tech updat todai 





unplug: fbi cio darwin john


in the twilight of hi career, an it veteran take on the formid task of transform the fbi's antiqu technolog infrastructur.  









crucial click--product worth look at










network



find the right home network choos the right technolog to match your network need is vital. here's help in make the choic.

read review





most popular product



network
1. linksi etherfast wireless ap
2. linksi etherfast router
3. siemen speedstream router
4. wireless 802.11b router
5. netgear he102 802.11a wireless ap
more popular network product














elsewher on zdnet







need a memori upgrad? find out with cnet's memori configur.

clearanc center: get discount on pc, pda, mp3 player and more!

find out the top 10 web servic secur requir at tech updat.

builder.com show you how to bring java to the mass with cold fusion mx.

check out thousand of it job list in zdnet's career center.




 
 




























sign up for more free newslett from zdnet



the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@exampl.com

unsubscrib | 
         manag 
        my subscript | faq | 
         advertis






















home |ebusi | secur | network | applic | platform | hardwar | contact us




        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv. zdnet is a regist servic mark of cnet network, inc.          





