cnet cool gear: find the right cordless phone

cnet cool gear





































electron
 		all cnet
 		the web
		 
		








toshiba pocket pc e310


in handheld

onkyo tx-ds797


in electron

canon powershot g2


in camera

pioneer ht-910dv


in electron

creativ lab nomad jukebox 3


in portabl electron

microsoft xbox


in electron

panason dvd-rp91 dvd player


in electron
























juli 17, 2002





                     --colin duw
                     associ editor
                     cnet electron


dear reader,

everybodi seem to have a cordless phone at home. but how do
you know which model offer the best valu? well now you can
turn to cnet. last week, we launch our review of cordless
phone. so when the time come to replac your phone, pai a
visit to cnet for some unbias advic on what to bui.
read the full stori  





















cordless phone: the other wireless devic
ar you in the market for a new cordless phone but don't know whether
  to bui a 900mhz or a 2.4ghz model or what manufactur offer
  the best product? no sweat--check out our new line coverag
  to find the phone that fit your person style and need.
    read the full stori


soni dcr-vx2000: minidv maestro 
soni"s dcr-vx2000 give prosum a versatil tool for
  captur high-qualiti digit video. with three ccd, smooth
  perform, and excel low-light capabl, thi
  camcord meet the demand of avid videograph where
  lesser camera fail.
    read the review | 
    check price


imag is everyth: jvc"s hdtv vcr
the world"s first d-theater video deck ha hit the market. it
  isn"t cheap, but it sure deliv an awesom pictur, with
  more than twice the resolut of dvd. read the full review.
    read the review   | 
	check price


harman kardon avr 125: all you need? 
thi mai be the least expens of hk's home-theater
  receiv, but we gave it high mark for sound qualiti, handi
  featur, and eas of us. is it all the receiv that you
  need?
    read the review  | 
	check price 


soni clie peg-t665c: perhap the last palm os 4 pda
with a fast processor, a great color screen, and mp3 support,
  thi handheld look appeal. but with compar price
  pocket pc avail and a new wave of palm-power devic wait in
  the wing, the t665c is a tough call. we give you our advic.
    read the full column  | 
	check price 


hitachi dvp725u: classi progress-scan player
with sleek look, excel pictur qualiti, and a sub-$200
  price tag, the dvp725u fare well against the rest of the
  budget-progress-scan dvd player competit. find out why
  our review think it"s a good bargain.
    read the full column  | 
	check price 










 live tech help. submit your question now. cnet new.com: top cio on the futur of it. find a job you love. more than 1 million post zdnet: thi it director ha had enough of microsoft mai editor' choic award: pioneer's home theater system ht-910dv





























the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-cnet-newslett@exampl.com
unsubscrib |
 manag my subscript
 | faq |
 advertis















price comparison |
product review |
tech new |
download |
all cnet servic





        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv.          



