cnet new.com: can spam without eat up real mail

can spam without eat up real mail























 search
	                 
	                 
new.com
	                all cnet    
	                the web
                 







live tech help now!
april's tech award
1 million open job
new.com: top cio 
zdnet: peoplesoft































juli 12, 2002





can spam without eat up real mail

tech compani chase homeland secur

lukewarm respons to junip move

usa todai investig hack attack

web servic made easier?

wireless land at european airport









 vision seri









			read new.com's exclus interview of 10 top cio.
vision seri home
















can spam without eat up real mail

like a grow number of web surfer, audri kraus face a new uncertainti when she hit the send button on her e-mail these dai: will the messag get through?
as the head of a polit action group, kraus us member-onli e-mail list to help educ and organ fellow activist. so she wa jar recent when on messag bounc back with a note accus her of spread unsolicit junk e-mail, or spam.


juli 12, 2002, 4:00 am pt
 | 

read full stori 

tech compani chase homeland secur

softwar compani look for greener pastur ar turn to the red, white and blue.
whether out of heartfelt patriot in the wake of sept. 11 or the desir to tap into the nearli $38 billion budget for homeland secur spend in 2003, mani inform technolog compani that previous paid littl attent to govern contract ar now go to great length to attract govern busi.


juli 12, 2002, 11:20 am pt
 | 

read full stori 

lukewarm respons to junip move

junip network continu to muddl through the telecom morass.
junip beat estim by earn less than $500,000, report a 42 percent declin in year-over-year sale and offer littl hope that it could grow it busi when it report 2002 second-quarter earn on thursdai. yet in some corner of the industri, junip's perform wa view as mildli posit.


juli 12, 2002, 12:00 pm pt | 

read full stori 


usa todai investig hack attack

nation newspap usa todai said fridai that on or more onlin vandal had post a fake front page and six phoni new stori on it web site.
network administr have yet to determin how the vandal compromis the compani's web server thursdai night. the nation newspap ha call in local law enforc to help find out who defac the site with fake stori.


juli 12, 2002, 11:45 am pt
 | 

read full stori 

web servic made easier?

the web's lead standard group ha updat it core draft specif for web servic.
the world wide web consortium (w3c) thi week publish web servic descript languag (wsdl) 1.2, a languag base on xml (extens markup languag) that defin the protocol for interact servic on the web, as well as their data and locat.


juli 12, 2002, 11:40 am pt
 | 

read full stori 

wireless land at european airport

network giant cisco system is instal aironet wireless lan into loung at 19 airport across europ, target busi travel with wireless card in their laptop or person digit assist.
the announc includ variou deal with differ telecommun compani and airport, made under the banner of cisco mobil offic, a campaign for wireless lan (local area network). the airport deal ar at differ stage, from a fulli fledg paid-for servic run by wireless provid mobynet at turkei's ataturk airport in istanbul, where the wireless lan wa includ when the airport wa design in 1999, to other that ar still free trial.


juli 12, 2002, 11:15 am pt
 | 

read full stori 


from our partner:

too mani rotten appl

busi week


will bush's reform be enough to calm the investor class?


juli 15, 2002 issu
 | 

read full stori 

make sens of irrat exuber

busi week


a univers of chicago economist sai investor' manic behavior dure stock market bubbl mai not be as crazi as it seem.

juli 12, 2002
 | 

read full stori 


also from cnet:

real-time stock quot from cnet new.com investor.30-dai free trial!
































digicam for summer shutterbugsgo on vacat, or just head to the beach? indulg your summer snapshot habit with on of our pick.


• 5-megapixel shoot-out
• leica digilux 1: street shooter"s digicam











most popular product
digit camera
1. canon powershot g2
2. canon powershot s40
3. canon powershot s30
4. canon powershot a40
5. nikon coolpix 995
 see all most popular camera














 

















shoot and groov with casio's slim camera
correspond melissa franci take a look at the new casio digit camera that's the size of a credit card and can record  and plai music in the mp3 format.
 watch video


 













 

















enterpris

merger mean bigger bag of chip

european pc sale take anoth dip

rival help improv dell's outlook





e-busi

stock mix as tech offer some gain

asian travel portal take off

n.y. subpoena paypal over gambl







commun

more govern ey on qwest

broadband: u.k. see doubl

ebber said to know book cook





media

aol on the hunt for new ceo

asia prove sweet spot for yahoo

doubleclick's new focu lead to profit







person technolog

appl goe oversea with retail store

soni shrink it memori stick

chip, lcd give clue to philip' health









         






















the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@exampl.com
unsubscrib | manag my subscript | faq | advertisepleas send ani question, comment, or concern to dispatchfeedback@new.com.















price comparison |
product review |
tech new |
download |
all cnet servic





        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv.          





