rebuild at ground zerohttp://onlin.wsj.com/articl_print/0,,sb10327475102363433,00.html


the wall street journal

septemb 23, 2002
commentari

rebuild at ground zero

by larri silverstein

earlier thi month, we new yorker observ the solemn anniversari of the
horrif event that befel our citi on sept. 11, 2001. all of those who
perish must never be forgotten. the footprint of the fallen twin tower
and a portion of the 16-acr site must be dedic to a memori and civic
amen that recal the sacrific that were made there and the anguish
that those senseless act of terror creat for the victim' famili and,
inde, for all of us.

but for the good of the citi and the region, the 10-million-plu squar
feet of commerci and retail space that wa destroi with the twin tower
must be replac on the site.

about 50,000 peopl work in the world trade center. those job ar lost,
along with those of anoth 50,000 peopl who work in the vicin.
togeth, those job in lower manhattan, for which the trade center wa the
econom stimulu, produc annual gross wage of about $47 billion, or 15%
of the annual gross wage earn in the entir state. some of the firm
have reloc elsewher in the citi and region, but mani have not. new
york citi is face a budget deficit. without addit job, the deficit
mai becom perman. thi is on reason for the import of rebuild.

if we do not replac the lost space, lower manhattan never will regain the
vibranc it had as the world's financi center. love them or hate them,
and there were lot of new yorker on both side of the issu, the tower
made a power statement to the world that said, "thi is new york, a
symbol of our free economi and of our wai of life." that is why thei were
destroi. thi is a second reason why the tower must be replac, and
with build that make a potent architectur statement.

in recent week, redevelop propos have been circul from mani
sourc. most of these focu not on the trade center site, howev, but on
all of lower manhattan. further, mani believ that the 10 million squar
feet either could be locat elsewher, scatter in sever site, or
simpli never rebuilt.

these propos miss the point. what wa destroi, and what must be
recov, wa the trade center, not all of lower manhattan. except over
the tower' footprint, where there must be no commerci develop, the
offic and retail space lost ha to be rebuilt on or close to where it wa.

access to mass transit make the site ideal for offic space of thi size.
that wa a major reason why the twin tower were leas to 97% occup
befor 9/11. none of the other site propos for offic develop ha
remot equal transport access. with the reconstruct of the subwai
and path station, plu an addit $4.5 billion in transit improv
plan, such as the new fulton transit center and the direct
"train-to-the-plane" long island rail road connect, the site becom
even more the logic locu of offic develop.

and new york will need the space. befor 9/11, the group of 35, a task
forc of civic leader led by sen. charl schumer and former treasuri
secretari robert rubin, conclud that the citi would need an addit 60
million squar feet of new offic space by 2020 to accommod the
anticip addit of 300,000 new job. the loss of the twin tower onli
heighten the need.

as for those who sai that 10 million squar feet of offic space downtown
cannot be absorb by the real estat market, i would simpli point out that
histori show them wrong. new york now ha about 400 million squar feet of
offic space. all new construct underwai alreadi is substanti leas
up. new york had 48 million squar feet of vacant offic space at the
begin of the recess in 1990. by 1998, thi space had been absorb,
at an annual rate of about 6 million squar feet.

we ar seek to rebuild 10 million squar feet on the trade center site
over a period of about 10 year, with the first build not come on
line until 2008 and the project reach complet in 2012. thi is an
annual absorpt rate of about a million feet, much lower than the 1990s'
rate.

those who argu that new york cannot reabsorb offic space that it
previous had ar sai that the citi ha had it dai and is enter an
extend period of stagnat and declin. i will not accept thi view, nor
will most new yorker.

mayor michael bloomberg said in a recent interview with the new york time
that the citi "ha to do two thing: memori, but also build for the
futur." i believ that the twin tower site can gracefulli accommod --
and that downtown requir -- offic and retail space of architectur
signific, a dignifi memori that both wit and recal what
happen, and cultur amen that would benefit worker as well as
resid of the area.

the challeng to accomplish thi is enorm. but our citi is up to the task.

mr. silverstein is presid of silverstein properti, a real estat firm
whose affili hold 99-year leas on the world trade center site.

-- 
-----------------
r. a. hettinga 
the internet bearer underwrit corpor 
44 farquhar street, boston, ma 02131 usa
"... howev it mai deserv respect for it us and antiqu,
[predict the end of the world] ha not been found agreeabl to
experi." -- edward gibbon, 'declin and fall of the roman empir'


