cnet digit dispatch: sai good-bye to free


digit dispatch weekli newslett









































all cnet
 the web
 






appl to expand imac lcd displai
it ain't heavi; it's my laptop
gatewai tout chic yet cheap pc
appl's ipod come to linux
dell pc come to a mall near you

more cnet new









quintessenti player 3.4



ai pictur util 6.2.1



icq 2002a build #3728



deck 3.5 (for the mac)









dell latitud c510/c610 seri 
in hardwar



toshiba pocket pc e310 
in electron



autocad lt 2002 
in softwar



soni ericsson t68 
in wireless






























 juli 11, 2002







						--janic chen,

						editor in chief,

						cnet review


 

dear reader,

it wa a crush blow to discov that vindigo, my
all-time-favorit palm app, wa no longer free. twenti-five buck
wasn't steep, but the principl of pai for a former freebi
wa hard to swallow. not that hard, though; surpris
myself--and my fellow cheapskat--i've discov that i'd
rather dish out the dough than go vindigo-free myself.

that's what web-base e-mail provid ar bank on. now that
most of us have gotten suck in by those grati web e-mail
account, most "free" web e-mailer have start charg for
premium servic or impos strict limit on free account.
read our review 
of the four top servic to see what you get if
you dish out the dough (or not)--and which to avoid if you want
to stai spam-free.

surfac on thi week's buzz meter is anoth free-gone-fee app.
the latest version of the popular file-share softwar bearshar
now offer a paid version that let you search and download
without those annoi ad. mayb the best thing in life ar now
those with a fee.







 


worldcom woe continu

































next-gener mp3 playersthes three hard drive-base mp3 player turn last year's model into paperweight.


	• mojo rise: tdk's new mp3 cd player
	• the nomad jukebox 3 break new ground











most popular
mp3 & audio
	1. creativ lab nomad jukebox 3
	2. iriv slimx imp-350
	3. sonicblu rio volt sp250
	4. sonicblu rio riot
	5. archo jukebox record
 see all most popular


















cnet review four no-cost web e-mailer
yahoo now charg for servic that were onc free; hotmail
   dump account without so much as an explan. so-call
   free web-base e-mailer aren't quit as free-wheelin' as thei
   onc were. ar the save worth the hassl? we take anoth
   look at "free" e-mailer.
more softwar







ibm's thin thinkpad fit to a t
the thinkpad t-seri notebook ar fast, and thei offer a
   great design, innov featur, and good support. for a
   comprehens look at thi line of notebook, check out our
   verdict.
more notebook

read the review | 
   check latest price







mp3 player person test
these dai, there ar almost as mani type of mp3 player as
   there ar type of mp3 listen.  that's why it can be a
   daunt task to winnow through what's avail to find your
   perfect match.  take our mp3 player person test to find
   out which on suit you best.
more portabl audio








gift for grad: home entertain

  fix up that first apart can be a try time for a
   young grad. make it easi by throw in some home-theater
   equip along with the congratul. combin a dvd
   player with a solid speaker system, the onkyo ht-l5 is the
   perfect all-in-on-devic. also on tap: portabl dvd player,
   the best tivo player we found, and a 27-inch hd-readi tv set
   that's perfect for the smart set.
more in tech trend






peachtre complet account 2003
for year, peachtre ha provid profession account to
   small busi. as a result, peachtre complet 2003 ha all
   the basic, includ inventori control, time bill, and
   payrol manag. and peachtre even contain a wide arrai
   of web tool for creat and maintain an onlin store.
   what's new in 2003?
more softwar







siemen s46
the compani's second mobil for the u.s. market pick up where
   the stylish s40 left off. like that earlier model, thi on's
   a world phone with busi-centric featur. how impress
   is it?
more in wireless phone







 worldcom woe continu




worldcom woe domin, bearshar 4.0 isn't what it us to be,
and jaguar run ahead of schedul.

--laura lindh, execut editor, cnet tech trend


1
worldcom:
i hate to put it first, but unfortun, all other
   tech trend ar overshadow by thi scandal. now enter it
   fourth week as front-page new, worldcom woe continu to sap
   investor confid. thi week's big stori: the top exec from
   the compani ar stand silent against govern accus
   of wrongdo.


2
bearshar 4.0:
thi new version of the well-known peer-to-peer
   softwar wa been complet redesign and come in two
   flavor: free with ad and paid without ad. thi is nice
   touch, but unfortun, 4.0 fail in on kei area:
   download music. it us the gnutella client, but in cnet's
   test, it had an abysm success rate at actual return
   file.

3
jaguar:
  who ever heard of an oper system releas be
   earli? well, appl is manag to pull off the imposs; it
   intend to ship an updat to os x in august, instead of the
   anticip late fall time frame.   

4
warcraft iii:
ah, summer: the perfect time to stai insid and
   sit in front of your comput. warcraft iii ha just been
   releas--right in time for the good weather. gamespot call
   it on the finest game ever made, but if that doesn't do it
   for you, there's anoth fight game on deck (see no. 5).

5
america's armi: as senior editor darren gladston point out in a recent column, the armi want you to plai pc game.
   that's right: the unit state armi spent $6.3 million
   develop it own titl, and it ha just launch a televis
   campaign to drum up interest. appar, the campaign is
   work, sinc cnet user made america's armi a top search
   term last week.
	



for more buzz, click here.








live tech help: submit your question now
cnet new.com: top cio on the futur of it
find a job you love with more than 1 million post
editor' choic award: pioneer's ht-910dv


























the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@exampl.com
unsubscrib |
 manag my subscript
 | faq |
 advertis















price comparison |
product review |
tech new |
download |
all cnet servic





        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv.          





