[lockergnom penguin shell]  recurs metaphor

<!--
 bodi      { background-imag: 
url(http://www.lockergnom.com/imag/issu/top-right.gif); 
scrollbar-3dlight-color: #dadada; scrollbar-arrow-color: #17514b; 
scrollbar-base-color: #007c7a; scrollbar-darkshadow-color: #808080; 
scrollbar-face-color: #c0c0c0; scrollbar-highlight-color: #dadada; 
scrollbar-shadow-color: #808080 }
 a:link    { color: red; text-decor: underlin }
 a:visit { color: #ff8080; text-decor: underlin }
 a:activ  { color: #000000; text-decor: none }
 a:hover   { color: #820000; text-decor: none }
 p.titl   { background: #c0c0c0; border-bottom: #808080 4px solid; border-left: 



#dadada 4px solid; border-right: #808080 4px solid; border-top: #dadada 4px 
solid; color: #000000; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, 
arial; font-size: 14pt; font-weight: normal }
 p.new    { background: #c0c0c0; border-bottom: #808080 4px solid; border-left: 



#dadada 4px solid; border-right: #808080 4px solid; border-top: #dadada 4px 
solid; color: #000000; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, 
arial; font-size: 18pt; font-weight: normal }
 p.sidebar { background: #dadada; border-bottom: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-left: 



#ffffff 3px solid; border-right: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-top: #ffffff 3px 
solid; color: #000000; font-famili: comic san ms, trebuchet ms, helvetica, 
arial; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; text-align: center }
 .link     { background: #dadada; border-bottom: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-left: 



#ffffff 3px solid; border-right: #c0c0c0 3px solid; border-top: #ffffff 3px 
solid; color: #808080; font-size: 9pt; font-famili: verdana; font-weight: bold; 
pad: 3px; width: 100% }
 .url      { font-size: 8pt; font-famili: verdana, tahoma, arial }
 .fix    { font-famili: courier, courier new; font-size: 10px }
-->
20020709 lockergnom penguin shell

















  07.09.2002 penguinreport


career servic from lockergnom and dice.com: we've team up with
dice.com to bring you a full servic i.t. career enhanc solut.
whether you ar look for your
dream 
job
or try to
hire 
talent peopl,
the full-featur career resourc center is the place to start. find your
it talent 
solut
todai!

i don't usual spend much time explain metaphor. thei ar, after all, 
metaphor. thei can be fill with whatev symbol you choos. written 
well, we all come to some similar understand of their mean. but, i'll 
depart todai, contrari to my normal practic, to take a few minut explain a 




recent metaphor.

i'm a linux gui through and through. as a user, i see myself as right about at 
the averag on the curv. for love of the languag and open sourc attitud, 
though, you'd be hard-press to find anyon with quit the same level of 
enthusiasm. put simpli, there's veri littl about the linux and broader open 
sourc world that i don't like or believ in.

take, for exampl, the practic of recurs acronym. gnu ("gnu's not unix"), 
hurd ("herd of unix-replac daemon"), wine ("wine is not an emul"), even 
php ("php hypertext processor") - all carri on the tradit of recurs in the 




unix/linux world. goofi as it sound, i love thi stuff.

so it is that i set out to creat a recurs metaphor last week. it could onli 
have happen on or about the 4th of juli. in fact, it happen in the edit 
of the 3rd. i wrote a piec about how we american spend more time over the 
cours of a year talk about what's wrong with our system than what's 
right. i wrote it know full well that mani of the respons i'd get would be 
a) from reader outsid the us and b) in sharp disagr to my comment or 
those of citizen of other countri. you're follow me, right? peopl would 
disagre with an articl that said we spend much time disagre. thi, of 
cours, would prove my point in a somewhat metaphor wai - the perfect 
recurs metaphor. the point wa to be made yet more perfectli by the eventu 
inclus in penguin shell of the comment of someon from outsid the us 




disagre with my take our argument as american. ideal, thei would 




be comment that disagre with our collect american percept of be 
disagre. thei would, of cours, point out thing about which citizen of 
other countri can disagre with american on. by exercis the right to 
disagre, we'd subtli agre that we have that right. yet anoth level of 
recurs and a final layer of metaphor.

the respons to both my own and johan sauvil's comment wa overwhelm. in 
the main, i believ both were appreci. mani comment on the balanc of the 
two piec. some reader were surpris, i think, to see a dissent opinion 
publish so quickli, if at all. overal, the abil to express honestli held 
opinion, to agre and to disagre on a global level close the circl on the 
metaphor in a perfect wai.

thing have, howev, gotten a bit more ugli in the past few dai. i'm not sure 
whether some were slow in get to the juli 3rd issu, or whether it's just 
been stew sinc then. take, for instanc, these comment by a reader who will 




remain mercifulli nameless:


we get enough
america bash from our left-wing whacko extremist press and school here
in the usa that we don't wish to hear some (insert favorit adject here)
from belgium whine too!


follow by:


... pleas don't let toni singl-handedli tarnish the fine reput
of lockergnom. i'm sure there ar other articul linux expert out there who 
would be abl to replac him.


... and, in a later note on the topic ...


censorship is to be encourag in a
free-market societi whenev and wherev it doesn't come from the
govern.


clearli, the metaphor just whizz right over the head of some.
chri 




ha been great about allow all hi author plenti of room in the editori 
piec at the begin of each newslett. thi particular piec is no 
except. he's shown a quiet confid in the face of some veri shrill 
comment. while we all gener stai focus on technic issu, chri ha 
shown unwav support for the notion that we geek ar, in the end, human 
with opinion and thought to share. i think it's on of the thing that make 
the lockergnom newslett stand out from the pack - the person touch.

so, despit the irration of some of thi week's comment, i'll continu to 
occasion throw in a person asid with the technic stuff.

just watch out. recurs metaphor ar onli funni until someon put an ey 
out.
toni
steidler-dennison       

 gnometweak


lockergnom reader, save 50% on the comput encyclopedia!
ar you look for the ultim comput resourc? discov the
comput encyclopedia from smart comput.  regular price $59,
special offer for lockergnom reader,
get 
your set todai, onli $29.95!

win app in linux?

yesterdai, i mention an interest review of two product for linux by codeweav - crossov 
offic and crossov plugin. you've probabl heard of both by now, as thei've 
garner quit a bit of public both in and out of the linux world. you'll 
recal that i promis to try to secur copi for review thi week. with the 
help of a friendli sale rep at codeweav, i wa abl to accomplish that task 
thi morn. true to the second half of the promis, we'll spend the next few 
dai look at these two product and how thei might impact your linux us. 
let's take them in chronolog order, start todai with crossov plugin.

a bit of background is in order. codeweav is, in their own word, " ... the 
lead corpor backer of the wine project. wine ha been, for the past sever year, an 
ongo project to port window applic to linux. it's a tough goal, but 
it's also on that's been undertaken by other in the past year or so. though the progress ha been 
slow, the wine project ha manag to stai at the front of thi develop 
realm.
crossov 
plugin mark a chang in the philosophi of the wine project. prior to it 
releas, wine had taken a "full system" approach. run window applic 
in wine requir the instal of a sizeabl daemon and no small amount of 
configur work. crossov plugin ha move wine awai from the system-wide 
approach to on that's much more modular. rather than execut at system 
startup, wine is call as-need, with the virtual window path to the call 
program. when the program is close, so is wine. crossov plugin ha focus on 



creat linux function with on relat set of window 
applic: browser plugin.

the result stand as a clear indic that the chang in philosophi is a 
success. off the top, crossov plugin bundl quicktim 5, window media player 



6.2, shockwav 8.5, flash 6, and realplay 8 into a linux-acces browser 
plugin packag. throw in more esoter app like ipix, trillian, authorwar web 
player 6 and efax messeng 2, and you've got virtual everi need plugin need 
cover.

but thi packag doesn't stop there. includ in the crossov plugin packag 
ar viewer for word, excel and powerpoint, as well as sever 
microsoft-orient font. honestli, i wa stun at the rang of applic 
offer by the codeweav develop.

have had some experi with wine, i wa a bit leeri about the instal 
process and about the abil to get all these great applic to work with 
my redhat setup. i've never been complet success with wine, but i hope 
for the best when i start the crossov plugin instal. i realli did want 



these app to work.

the instal wa quit easi. by run the instal-crossov.sh script from 



the command line, i wa abl to instal the instal for both crossov plugin 



and crossov offic, which we'll talk about tomorrow. i start the plugin 
instal with quicktim, a tool i've admittedli miss in linux. in the 
background, crossov plugin had alreadi creat a virtual c:\ drive on my 
machin. i click on the quicktim instal and immedi saw a familiar sight 



- the vise instal in it window format. crossov plugin first check for 
feedback from the window binari, open a virtual window window, then step 
out while the vise instal took care of the rest. though the instal fail 
four time, it appear to be a server failur rather than a failur of the 
crossov program. i kept "retri"ing and, with some persist, manag to get 
a full quicktim 5 instal download from the appl server. quit liter, 
the instal look and perform exactli as i've seem mani time in window. 
when the instal wa complet, crossov again check for the window binari, 
locat the appropri .dll file in the virtual c:\ drive and drop the 
plugin into the /home/toni/.netscap/plugin and /home/toni/.mozilla/plugin 
directori.

the process wa so smooth that i had to check the plugin list in these 
browser - "help", "about plugin." sure enough, the crossov quicktim plugin 
wa list. quickli, i ran out to the appl site and open the "men in black 
ii" movi trailer. quicktim perform flawlessli.

i follow with the window media player, shockwav, flash, ipix, and efax 
messeng instal. of those, the onli on that weren't self-contain in the 
crossov instal were ipix and efax. even at that, the instal point me to 
the window download then found the .ex file when the download wa done. within 



a half-hour, i had all instal and test.

then, just for grin, i instal realplay 8 via crossov. thi wa despit 
the recommend in the instal screen to us the linux version. it went as 
smoothli as the other with on caveat - the player plai media file at a much 



faster speed than that in window. fast enough to make me laugh, in fact, 
remind of dave and alvin the chipmunk. ah well, six out of seven is pretti 
strong given my previou troubl with wine.

i also instal a few font - arial, time new roman, trebuchet, and veranda. 
in everi case, the instal wa quick and absolut painless.

wine ha alwai held great promis. at time, it's been pain to watch the 
tediou pace of develop, onli becaus that promis wa so allur. with the 



back of codeweav and a fundament chang in the approach to develop, 
wine ha final realiz the goal of integr window applic 
seamlessli into the stabl linux environ. the result ar so strong that, if 



i didn't know better, i'd swear that a few of these plugin actual run better 
in linux than in their nativ window. honestli, i didn't realiz how much i 
miss them until i start us them in linux todai.

tomorrow hold a few surpirs, with a look at codeweav' crossov offic 
packag.
recommend it!
send us a 
gnometweak

 gnomecor
kernel configur - part ix

we're nine part into the kernel configur seri, with quit a bit yet to 
go. if you haven't been follow along, we're break out the configur 
screen on at a time in an attempt to shed some light on the purpos and 
function of each. with that knowledg, you should be abl to make a clear 
decis as to how to configur each section.

todai, it's the parallel port support section. thi is pretti simpl. if you 
need parallel port support - such as for a printer - select thi option either 
as a driver built into the kernel or as a loadabl modul.

most will us the pc-style hardwar option in conjuct with a window printer. 



but that's not all the parallel port can be us for. as an exampl, the build 
i did with the telescop compani requir parallel port support, as the 
telescop camera were attach to thi port.

be awar - thi kernel configur option onli make a driver avail for 
the parallel port. the comput's bio set the mode for the port - ecp, epp, or 



auto. on the major of modern comput, the auto mode is the default and will 



work just fine. howev, if you have problem commun with your printer 
follow a kernel recompil, try chang the mode of your printer in the 
bio.

tomorrow, it's plug and plai configur.
recommend it!
send us a gnomecor 
tip

 gnomefil
netic 2.0

http://www.citi.umich.edu/u/mariu/netic/

"netic is an extens network statist collector. it put the network 
interfac in promiscu mode and read the data stream (after it strip off the 



appropri protocol header), then displai the result at specifi interv, 



either in a "progress bar" mode or as raw statist. current, it support 2 
statist, both involv entropi: lzw compress and ueli maurer's 
univers statist test. maurer's test is a veri good and comprehens 
measur of entropi, but requir a larg amount of data. the lzw statist 
requir much less data."
recommend it!
send us a gnomefil 
suggest

 gnomevoic
help hand
scribbl by karl steenblik

"dear linux commun at lockergnom.

"i am the web master for largest health care camp in the state of utah. 
no not cancer camp it is the diabet camp.

"the foundat for children and youth with diabet serv about 900
diabet children a year and their famili.  we have educ, famili
support, diet plan and most import is camp.  the place where kid
can learn about how to better manag their diseas.

"we ar a total non profit camp that put all monei from fee into our
camp.  we pai no salari to physician, dietitian, social worker,
nurs and educ that make our camp possibl.  ye even me the lowli
web master donat hi time and web space at att to the caus.

"att recent decid to pull access to our photo page due to a password
protect.  we give out a password to all parent so that thei can see
photo of camp while the session ar happen.  we do not howev what
the creep of the web to have access to photo of our kid.

"we ar look for someon in the state to help our camp by donat web
space.  now it mai not be your organ, but i know linux peopl and
lockergnom and i think someon there mai know someon who would be abl
to help us.

"you can still have access to the public part of our site that att ha not
shut down at www.fcyd-inc.org.

"pleas i have the parent of 120 diabet kid want to see photo of
their children.  thei ar all e-mail me and i have no on to turn to.

"hope to hear from someon soon."

karl r steenblik
webmast fcyd camp
salt lake citi.
help karl.

recommend it!
speak your 
gnomevoic

 gnomeclick
mobilix.org
http://mobilix.org/

mobilix.org is a full site relat to us linux on mobil devic, includ 
pda and laptop. it includ inform for subsctib to the linux-laptop 
mail list, inform on linux-power wearabl comput, wap enabl 
access, and linux on cell phone. mobilix look to be a great resourc for all 
kind of tip, trick and us inform for take your linux on the 
road.
recommend it!
suggest a 
gnomeclick



http://www.lockergnom.com/issu/penguinshel/20020709.html
your subscrib e-mail address is: [qqqqqqqqqq-lg@spamassassin.taint.org] - to unsubscrib or 
chang your deliveri address, pleas 
visit the subscript 
manag
page. us of the gnome monik by penguin shell doe not impli endors of 
the gnome desktop environ. penguin 
shell is an equal-opportun desktop employ. for further inform, pleas 
refer to the gnomecredit in the 
sidebar.



look over here

 download tip ebook

 latest window 
daili
 latest digit
media
 latest tech 
specialist
 latest penguin 
shell
 latest appl core
 latest web 
weekli
 latest bit & byte
 latest audio show

 low price search
 our tech confer

 microsoft offic tip
 pc 
product tip
 cool 
internet tip
 window 2000 tip
 window xp tip





 tell a friend about 
us!
 advertis with 
us
 high-tech job 
search
 chat with gnomi
 watch the webcam
 comput power user

 read past issu
 download x-setup
 about lockergnom
 our privaci 
polici
 view more 
option
 our xml / rss 
feed
 syndic our 
tip
 link to 
lockergnom
 get chri's book
 win a digit camera


 gener feedback
 chri's blog
 e-mail the editor


 gnomespeci
 manag your workgroup
 form pilot
 sai the time 5.0
 boomer - stream now
 creat web/cd catalog
 easi web editor
 kleptomania
 tag&renam
 pretti good solitair
 visual color combo
 firststop websearch
 ecobuild
 book collector
get list here
question: which group is 250,000+ strong and alwai look for stuff to make their person and profession live run smoother? 





 


click here to zoom

 
look it up





 
byte me now

©2002, lockergnom llc. issn: 1095-3965. all right reserv. pleas read our term of servic. our web site is host by digitaldaz. domain regist at dn central.




