where tabletpc will succe (tech updat)

tech updat todai































vital sign for juli 17, 2002









david berlind


where tabletpc will succe--and why


ok, ok, you reader were right all along. i now believ that microsoft"s tabletpc can be a big hit. where? vertic market. why? develop tool.






why you won't be bui on from dell









latest from zdnet new


cert: secur report multipli


microsoft squash window 2000 bug



sun's id softwar get a liberti face-lift



mobil slump put the bite on bluetooth


'rainbow' coalit to spread wireless



handspr court corpor buyer


appl patch seriou secur hole



more enterpris new
















farber's pick

















danfarb







slow sale shrink intel workforc





intel announc lower-than-expect earn yesterdai and that 4,000 job (5 percent of it staff) would be elimin thi year. thi mai bring intel's margin back in line, but the overal outlook is not bright in the come month, despit feder reserv chairman alan greenspan's optim about a more time recoveri.





read the full stori


vmware up consolid ant

the new version of vmware's lower-end server product is slate to run atop the latest version of linux  from suse, 
mandrakesoft and red hat, as well as microsoft window .net server due thi year. offer more intel-server base 
consolid opportun than ever, gsx server 2.0 includ support for amd's athlon xp and intel's xeon 
processor.




read the full stori


server consolid eas system manag












softwar contract: claus for alarm

in the high-stake game of corpor softwar negoti, the silver-tongu sale rep isn't your biggest challeng: it's 
the languag in the contract. enterpris custom spend surprisingli littl time pour over the fine print of 
multi-million dollar softwar contract that ar rife with obscur terminolog, vagu expans charg, and mind-boggl 
licens convers. as a result, thei end up pai in wai thei had never imagin long after the deal is sign. just 
ask california.




read the fine print


six step to the best tco with linux


don't just bring in linux as yet anoth os to manag. to help you determin whether linux offer better tco than window, 
gartner examin the benefit and pitfal of deploi linux-base server.
 




read the full stori











rack server a la mode

with it xserv rack-mount server, appl is move into enterpris territori. the spec ar impress: dual 1ghz 
powerpc g4s, up to 2gb ddr sdram, two 64-bit 66mhz pci slot (plu a third combin pci/agp slot), dual gigabit ethernet, 
firewir and usb port, and four ultra ata/100 appl drive modul bai. but bill o'brien think appl's 
licens mai be even more appeal than the hardwar.



read the full stori











a notebook with desktop muscl
winbook's big and heavi j4 us a desktop pentium 4 and leav mobil p4-m notebook in the dust. that mean heavi 
lift for your spreadsheet--and your shoulder. if you travel onli occasion and need top perform, thi 
might be the sole comput for you. 



read the full review


write me at dan.farber@cnet.com
back to top





















also on tech updat todai








featur 





top 10 web servic secur requir

secur is a critic, yet often overlook, aspect of web servic develop. consid these requir when 
work with your next project. 


 



download 





stamp out the bug


doe your code need a onc-over? debug your softwar with thi collect of tool and util design to locat 
and correct program mistak, track defect, and more.




 




previous on tech updat todai 





bridg the gap between liberti and microsoft


it appear that we ar closer to a solut for singl sign-on. but what if microsoft choos not to support liberti's specif?




microsoft stress secur for exchang


the softwar giant plan to improv the exchang server e-mail system in the softwar's first major upgrad in nearli 
two year.







crucial click--product worth look at










monitor



a porsch you can afford
samsung pair up with f.a. porsch design to deliv the syncmast 171p, a sleek, 17-inch lcd.

read review





most popular product



monitor
1. samsung syncmast 151s
2. nec multisync 1550v
3. envis en-5100e
4. samsung syncmast 570 v
5. samsung syncmast 955 df
more popular monitor














elsewher on zdnet







need a memori upgrad? find out with cnet's memori configur.

clearanc center: get discount on pc, pda, mp3 player and more!

find out the top 10 web servic secur requir at tech updat.

builder.com show you how to bring java to the mass with cold fusion mx.

check out thousand of it job list in zdnet's career center.



 
 




























sign up for more free newslett from zdnet



the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@exampl.com

unsubscrib | 
         manag 
        my subscript | faq | 
         advertis






















home |ebusi | secur | network | applic | platform | hardwar | contact us




        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv. zdnet is a regist servic mark of cnet network, inc.          





