uae/ami*/linux laptop:  import detail.well, for on, it would free up the similar laptop i alreadi got to
just run amithlon (or if that wasn't so fun, bsd) to run just openbsd!

thi is a near-term thing i could look forward to!

howev, an 'offici' laptop seem unexcit to me with onli
the item mention.  most import ar the particular distinguish
the list spec from a dell 2650, prefer:
1- geforc4 440 go or newer, pleasingli modern gpu; the
   geforc2go (with 16mb video ram; too littl) i have is
   not so much too slow as ineffici; with factori set it would
   actual crash from run too hot and too fast.
   (acceler the ami* and possibl openua graphic
   is a necess to meet for good speed in those environ,
   but an energi-effici gpu is a good sideeffect and
    portabl (read: batteri lifetim) enabl.)

1.5- great control over cpu state; by us of 'internet kei'
    wire to bio/bhipset routin directli or prefer a scroll
    wheel.  also, hibern that work, pleas.

1.7- bootabl to usb 2.0 drive (e.g. larger extern on)
    in bio, pleas.

2- p4 dell overheat.  thei have a big heatsink and a littl fan
   to pull air through it, and if you don't elev thelaptop off
   the desk or tabl or bed it's on, the fan will -stai- on.  not good
  for mtb (mean time between servic; unless you've got an
  angl on make monei on servic from amigan.....)
     on excel solut is to includ a heatpip which run
  behind the amlcd, thu us the backsid of the displai
  half as a radiat.; though it interfer with the case notion
  below.  (ye, aavid or such make some as a standard part.)
      i prefer to includ the heatpip but emploi the radi
  mass in elev the laptop (i.e. in the form of a catch-handl
  and second logo devic behind the laptop, which gener
  provid stow and attach for elev leg (move them
  out farther to get to the next-higher ekev, until the side
  of the laptop ar met.)  thi also happen to provid a littl
  protect for usb 2  and 1394 cabl that i tend to keep
  plug in all the time (a bit longer port life? pleas.) 

3- a case color other than brown or black, and prefer (if the
    displai modul nre is entir permiss) the capabl to
    -run with the backlight off.-  again, to save batteri power, but
    also as a featur; mayb you rememb the ibook modifi
   in thi manner.  the user ha the privileg to pull out the
   backlight diffus and fiberopt lightpip/cf assembl, with
   it backreflector, and the whole warrante.  thi provid
   for excel outdoor us, often with the diffus reinsert
   to keep depth-of-field distract minimis.
     what would i like?  a1200 putti color, ani transluc,
   in or over a rosewood-color (in kde color browser, i see
   chocol, firebrick and a coupl of 'indian red' that ar great
   candid) base.  
      i would also like to be abl to at least turn off the backlight
    without close the lid, and to be -abl- to fit an -extern-
    light sourc such as a uv-filter solar collector (and glare
    hood) to feed
    into the backlight.  not onli doe thi make an excel 
    color environ but let on work outdoor toler.
      the logo should be a color of a
   minim surfac, as the maa is try to get me to renew
   with:  demo at http://astronomi.swin.edu.au/pbourk/geometri/
   at first blush.  we'll see what come out of the contest and
   mayb you'll like the map mathcad doe of the
   logo to a minim surfac or manifold that reflect the
   open of amigao, ami* and amiga commun.
   maa.org ha more refer, i'm sure.

4- obvious elfin detail., e,g, the backlight inlet.

other detail:
usb2.x prefer; firewir would be need if that's unavail.
option like 802.11b or attabh wifi hub for ethernet port
should round out the offer.  an option for just-releas 
.13 micron p4 (with mobil power featur) could make more
review greenlight the seri; much better power consumpt,
and almost certainli a higher a top clock come with that.
compactflash, smartmedia and mmc flash memori card
interfac would be veri pleasant.  i've mention boot to
usb, and boot from cf would be a pleasant extig also.
to that end, a backup solut with compress us
usb 2 storag or the multimod drive is alwai a nice 
bundl item; that or a chanc to back out a patch under 3 os.....


blue ski (and clear water and fresh air): 
waterproof to 30 feet, 3 ethernet port plu onboard wifi.
svelt; 3-line frontpanel lcd and bright red pager led,
builtin g4 cellphon function, choic of side and 
frontpanel trim: ivori-like stuff inscrib with m68k memori map
and variou os 3.9 structur or textur fur that
sai 'thi is amiga speak' when stroke 'round. 
decent keyboard, as in toshiba or ibm laptop; perhap 
an ergonom fingerwork.com devic (thei work as 
keyboard and mous) as the keyboard/trackpad.
2 direct planar mic atop amlcd; soundcard with multipl 
18 bit a-d and nois reduct dsp that work in our
(second-through-fourth, at least) favorit os.
actual 7" bellow pull out at nomin ventil 
fan locat for real void-comp (the test in blade
runner) style cool and extend bass; activ cool
and airfilt is avail to adjust humid at user
seat and provid miner water.
hypertransport port.


