when search result don't count (tech updat)

tech updat todai































vital sign for juli 18, 2002









dan farber


gaga for googl? when result don't count

when my web search on a lead it exec came up almost empti, what wa i to think? as it turn out, the lack of web track is not necessarili a sign of irrelev.







and it offer a lesson or two









latest from zdnet new


unisi server shape up for itanium 2


linux to enter supercomput top five


u.s. want your mailman to snoop on you


motorola: gloomier outlook for handset


yahoo mail swap out javascript word


ti boost sun's ultrasparc chip


pc slump drive amd deeper into the red 



more enterpris new
















david's pick

















davidberlind







group propos pc protect guarante





sever u.s. govern agenc have team with an intern internet secur organ to support a set of 
benchmark aim at guarante a minimum secur standard for comput. while window 2000 workstat ar 
the first benchmark that the dispar organ have agre upon, other to  follow includ cisco io for 
router, solari, linux and hp-ux. reach agreement on these benchmark will not be a walk in the park.





read the full stori


microsoft squash window 2000 bug











as the rhetor turn

last year, steve ballmer call the gpl on which linux is base a "cancer." thi year, linux is a "uniqu 
competititor." the emerg of linux as a seriou competitor to window ha forc microsoft to chang the wai it 
approach custom, microsoft's ceo acknowledg at thi week's fusion 2002. microsoft tradition ha plai it "low price, high volum" game against ibm, oracl and other. now it must figur out how to beat linux, which ha an even lower cost -- free.





read the full stori



wi-fi can wait

the next iter of wi-fi (aka 802.11a) mai be get a lot of interest, but roll it out now, sai gartner, would be jump 
the gun. the anoint successor to the 802.11b modul scheme provid up to five time the throughput over it predecessor. when will it be readi for prime time?





find out why you should wait


'rainbow' coalit to spread wireless


more larg-scale worm attack? brace yourself


it's been a year sinc the code red worm wreak havoc on the net. what's chang? internet worm have becom much 
more robust sinc code red. and that doesn't bode well, sinc antiviru softwar hasn't kept up with all the chang. so 
far in 2002, we've been lucki. robert vamosi tell you how to prepar for futur threat.
 




here's what he recommend


macworld hear roar of jaguar

at thi week's macworld, appl ceo steve job herald the earli arriv (august 24) of mac os x version 10.2 
(code-name jaguar), which featur improv search featur plu quicktim 6 with support for mpeg-4. also: an ipod 
for window, a 17-inch flat-panel imac, new charg for itool web servic and a leg-up for mac offic.



read the full report


what david coursei want from macworld




write me at david.berlind@cnet.com
back to top





















also on tech updat todai








commentari 





fact and fiction in the web servic debat

iona technolog ceo barri morri sai the battl between .net and java isn't import. web servic' futur is held 
hostag by an unresolv debat over industri standard.


 



download 





gather net inform


conduct ping, tracerout, finger, and whoi queri, as well as gather extens ip inform with thi handi kit of 
network tool.




 




previous on tech updat todai 





softwar contract: claus for alarm


be wari of fine print. learn to spot red flag in corpor softwar contract befor you sign on the dot line. 








crucial click--product worth look at










monitor



a porsch you can afford
samsung pair up with f.a. porsch design to deliv the syncmast 171p, a sleek, 17-inch lcd.

read review





most popular product



monitor
1. samsung syncmast 151s
2. nec multisync 1550v
3. envis en-5100e
4. samsung syncmast 570 v
5. samsung syncmast 955 df
more popular monitor














elsewher on zdnet







need a memori upgrad? find out with cnet's memori configur.

clearanc center: get discount on pc, pda, mp3 player and more!

find out the top 10 web servic secur requir at tech updat.

builder.com show you how to bring java to the mass with cold fusion mx.

check out thousand of it job list in zdnet's career center.



 
 




























sign up for more free newslett from zdnet



the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@exampl.com

unsubscrib | 
         manag 
        my subscript | faq | 
         advertis






















home |ebusi | secur | network | applic | platform | hardwar | contact us




        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv. zdnet is a regist servic mark of cnet network, inc.          





