cnet: why i don't us firewal

messag board dispatch



































messag
 all cnet
 the web
 






1. wireless


2. comput help


3. speakeasi


4. window 98


5. pc hardwar


6. window me


7. comput newbi


8. download


9. window xp


10.viru & secur








				
				check out the user opinion on these hot product and then submit on of your own.
				 

92%  8% (3629 vote)
ramboost
in download: optim & diagnost

85%  15% (2878 vote)
zonealarm
in download: secur & encrypt

84%  16% (50 vote)
virusmd famili webfilt 1.0
in download: brows companion

more user opinion





comput problem? try our live support from a live technician!



	.black {color: #000000; font-famili: verdana, arial, helvetica, san-serif; font-style: normal; font-size: 11px; font-weight: normal;}


<!--
function cleartextarea() {
	if ((document.questionentri.question.valu == "type here and click go.")) {
		document.questionentri.question.valu = "";
	} els {
		return;
	}
}
//-->











type here and click go.



































juli 11, 2002



 

dear reader,
with all the corpor scandal--such as worldcom and enron--surround us, who can you trust nowadai? well, for starter, you can trust the cnet messag board. the cnet messag board ar as real as it get. when it come down to give or receiv honest tech advic, there's no better place to be. in the board there ar no review or test by profession, just real, true-life experi and discuss from peopl like you and me who share on common interest: the love of todai's challeng technolog. there ar no sneaki exec here or scandal to worri about, so if you have a specif problem or question 
in mind, post it! you won't be disappoint. 
 




						lee koo
						cnet commun
						got suggest? email me: messageboard@cnet.com
































digicam for summer shutterbugsgo on vacat, or just head to the beach? indulg your summer snapshot habit with on of our pick.


	• 5-megapixel shoot-out
	• leica digilux 1: street shooter"s digicam.











most popular product
digit camera
	1. canon powershot g2
	2. canon powershot s40
	3. canon powershot s30
	4. canon powershot a40
	5. nikon coolpix 995
 see all most popular camera

















 





why i don't us firewal
do you need some honest opinion? despit all the horror stori that you hear of hacker and trojan intrud on on's person comput, hear why on of our veteran moder refus to us a firewal. thi discuss get a bit heat, but her point wa well taken. take a look and see why she refus, and if you have a cent or two to throw in, the donat jar is wide open. more secur and viru alert discuss
the scoop on usb 2.0
the chanc ar that the next time you pick up an extern comput peripher, it will be util usb 2.0 to connect to your comput. so what is usb 2.0? is it that much faster than usb 1.1? will your current usb port be compat with peripher with the new version? well if you have similar question, i gather up some discuss on thi topic in hope that it will bring a better understand of what's in store for usb 2.0. take your pick. 

usb vs. usb 2.o
how to upgrad from usb 1.1 to 2.0?
usb 2.0 with revers compat with usb 1.1?
more hardwar discuss

window xp not ani faster than window 98se?!
mani user have jump ship and move on to newer and supposedli better thing such as window xp, but what if it doesn't perform up to par and is actual slower than the previou os that you had? check out thi discuss; what's newer mai not alwai be faster. more window xp discuss

best type of backup system to us for someon that is indig?
back up your hard-drive system sound like a task for veteran, but is it? in 
thi discuss, a beginn is ask for sound advic on the best type of backup system to us, and sure enough, he receiv a bunch of option to choos from. if you're in that same boat and look for the best wai to back up some of that import data of your, thi discuss is for you. have a look. more comput newbi discuss

warn for kid and teen onlin
if you're a parent, thi mai be someth that you mai want to read about kid onlin. i found it interest enough to pass along becaus i know somedai i'll be face with the same worri when my kid ar out surf the web. so have a look, and if it doesn't interest you, pass it on to someon who mai find it inform. 







 






xp and defrag


can ram be "worn out"?


winmodem vs. "full" modem















my pc won't wake up
from jen smith


purchas a cd-rw--what kind?
from graham hurst





 





live tech help. submit your question now. cnet new.com: top cio on the futur of it. find a job you love. over 1 million post zdnet: thi it director ha had enough of microsoft mai editor" choic award: pioneer"s home theater system ht - 910dv


























the e-mail address for your subscript is qqqqqqqqqq-zdnet@spamassassin.taint.org
unsubscrib |
 manag my subscript
 | faq |
 advertis















price comparison |
product review |
tech new |
download |
all cnet servic





        copyright 2002 cnet network, inc. all right reserv.          





