[zzzzteana] daft crime etchttp://www.irishnew.com/access/daili/current.asp?sid=421083

loo roll of honour and the invis man

paper clip: a round-up of the weekli press

by steven mccafferi

the power-that-be tell us that crime doe not pai. and thei found an 
alli in the ulster herald thi week, which carri a cautionari tale 
for anyon think of embark on a crimin career. the 
omagh-base paper's 'as the man sai' column bring a stori which 
origin in the middl east.

"a gent recent attempt to rob a bank in tehran," the columnist report.

"he wa unarm and began seiz bank note from custom' hand."

it is then explain: "he had paid £625 to a local sorcer and 
believ that he wa invis."

in the lurgan mail there wa also new of a dramat robberi.

"a lurgan newsag ha told how thiev drill their wai through 
three wall to steal £10,000 worth of cigarett recent in an 
attack which wa well plan and profession," the paper report.

"the thiev broke through the back wall of a religi gift shop 
next door to the newsag and then drill through the partit 
between the back hallwai and the front shop.

"move statu of religi icon out of the wai, the gang then 
drill into the back of the newsag's cigarett stand remov the 
content."

the owner of the paper chase shop is pictur next to the gape hole 
left in hi store and is quot as sai: "on mondai morn when my 
wife wa open, everyth look normal.

"but when she open the shutter she found herself look into the 
shop next door."

the paper report that the shop wa the target of "anoth well 
organis crime" 12 week ago when thiev escap with a safe.

the shop's owner sai: "the closer it get to christma the more 
peopl ar go to be open to thi."

the issu of crime and punish ar tackl by a columnist in the 
down democrat.

write in the downpatrick-base newspap john coulter call on the 
author to "birch the vandal" plagu the local commun.

he is shock at report of the "wanton destruct by vandal" and 
issu a call for action.

"the time ha come to fight fire with fire," he write, "befor 
unemploi paramilitari decid to impos vigilant rule and start 
us so-call kangaroo court to dish out their own brand of 
sentenc on those found 'guilti' of anti-social behaviour."

as an altern to such reckless violenc, he recommend, 
control violenc.

"it wa a sorri dai that the manx author ban the us of the 
birch as a weapon in deal with unruli element of the isl of man."

get hi defenc in earli, he immedi round on ani woolli 
liber who mai oppos hi plan.

"in mani islam countri, public flog of convict crimin is 
the order of the dai.

"you might laugh and sai there is littl chanc of such measur 
be introduc in the unit kingdom or ireland given that corpor 
punish wa abolish in the vast major of northern school in 
the late 1980s.

"howev, peopl seem to forget that islam is the fastest grow 
faith on the british mainland and it's onli a matter of time befor 
it numer pass christian."
-- 
joe mcnalli :: flaneur at larg :: http://www.flaneur.org.uk
--
"i am the centr which exist onli becaus the geometri of the abyss 
demand it." - fernando pessoa
--
current plai: noth.

to unsubscrib from thi group, send an email to:
forteana-unsubscrib@egroup.com

 

your us of yahoo! group is subject to http://doc.yahoo.com/info/term/ 



