re: rsa (repost)"adam l. beberg" wrote:
> 
> so, who ha done rsa implement befor?
> have a typo-i-cant-spot problem with my crt...
> 
> - adam l. "duncan" beberg
>   http://www.mithral.com/~beberg/
>   beberg@mithral.com
> 
> http://xent.com/mailman/listinfo/fork

done a ton of them, both with and without their
stuff.  with is definit easier.[1]

greg

[1] http://www.endeavor.com/pressreleas/rsa.htm





 endeavor technolog and rsa secur form strateg partnership to 
 enhanc ssl perform in secur, enterpris-scalabl p2p comput

endeavor technolog and rsa secur combin their respect peer-to-peer magi enterpris 
web collabor and rsa bsafe® softwar for ssl user to instantli extend secur and improv perform
of 
desktop and corpor data share, and web interact between workgroup insid and across corpor.

irvin (ca) and cambridg (uk), septemb 12, 2002 - secur web collabor softwar leader endeavor
technolog, inc. todai
announc a technolog share and market agreement with rsa secur inc. the most trust name in
e-secur.® thi strateg
partnership is aim at extend the secur and improv the perform of the standard ssl secur
protocol us by everi e-base
desktop, laptop and server. 

under the term of the agreement, rsa secur's trust secur tool ar embed into endeavor
technolog's award-win magi
enterpris softwar product. the combin solut enabl it manag and user to simpli extend secur and
encrypt to everi
magi-enabl devic for the direct devic-to-devic share and interact of corpor data and workflow
between workgroup within and
beyond the enterpris.

secur collabor between desktop and corpor system call for enterpris to build complex and costli
network infrastructur. thi
combin of technolog from the two compani elimin both overhead, and also the need for specif
secur tool for each desktop
applic such as microsoft project. with magi's secur rsa secur-base peer environ, collabor
can now be rapidli, easili and
secur extend across all devic and compani firewal, and workgroup can interact with colleagu,
partner and client without concern
in compromis corpor inform. thi bring true internet scale to corpor need to interact
highli secur with strong
encrypt and authent across firewal.

"in these challeng time, there can be no compromis in safeguard corpor data and knowledg," sai
bernard hulm, chairman and
ceo of endeavor technolog. "embed rsa secur encrypt softwar into magi product provid it
manag with ad
assur, speed and cost save, and a proven secur net to acceler the deploy of busi-centric
peer-to-peer comput"

endeavor technolog join the rsa secur® partner program. the program is design to ensur complet
interoper between
partner product and rsa secur's solut includ rsa securid® two-factor authent, rsa
cleartrust® web access
manag, rsa bsafe® encrypt and rsa keon® digit certif manag.

the strateg partnership pave the wai for magi enterpris to bear the rsa secur brand on product packag
and advertis, be list in
rsa secur partner solut directori, and have rsa secur's out-of-the-box, certifi interoper.
it will also lead to joint
market and promot activ between the two firm, mutual field sale engag opportun on
joint account, and 24x7 worldwid
busi continu support.

"endeavor technolog is take a leadership role by provid the highest-level of secur in it enterpris
product and streamlin the
deploy process for it manag," sai stuart cohen, director of partner develop at rsa secur. "by
combin our product,
enterpris custom have a solut that provid encrypt and authent across firewal."

about magi
magi enterpris 3.0, an award-win web collabor system, transform todai's web into a highli secur
inter- and intra-enterpris
collabor network. for the first time, enterpris can implement ad-hoc virtual privat network for
collabor veri rapidli and
afford without disrupt exist applic, network or work practic. magi enterpris 3.0 doe thi
by effect transform
unsecur, "read-onli" web network into two-wai trust and transpar collabor environ, through
the us of such featur as
cross-firewal connect, advanc data extract, an intuit graphic interfac, and univers name
space gener "follow me url"
for mobil profession.

about rsa secur, inc.
rsa secur inc., the most trust name in e-secur, help organ build secur, trust foundat
for e-busi through it rsa
securid two-factor authent, rsa cleartrust web access manag, rsa bsafe encrypt and rsa keon
digit certif
manag product famili. with approxim on billion rsa bsafe-enabl applic in us worldwid,
more than ten million rsa
securid authent user and almost 20 year of industri experi, rsa secur ha the proven
leadership and innov technolog to
address the chang secur need of e-busi and bring trust to the onlin economi. rsa secur can be
reach at
www.rsasecur.com.

about endeavor technolog, inc.
endeavor technolog, inc. is a wholli-own subsidiari of mobil comput and network infrastructur vendor
tadpol technolog plc
(www.tadpol.com), which ha plant and offic in irvin and carlsbad (california), and cambridg, edinburgh,
and bristol (uk). for further
inform on endeavor' p2p solut, call 949-833-2800, email to p2p@endeavor.com, or visit the compani's
websit
www.endeavor.com. 


copyright 2002 endeavor technolog, inc. magi, and magi enterpris ar regist trademark of endeavor
technolog, inc. rsa, bsafe, cleartrust, keon, securid, rsa secur and the most
trust name in e-secur ar regist trademark or trademark of rsa secur inc. in the unit state
and/or other countri. all other product and servic mention ar trademark of their
respect compani. 



           © 2002 endeavor technolog, inc., 19600 fairchild, suit 350, irvin, ca 92612, phone
949-833-2800, fax 949-833-2881, email info@endeavor.com.
                           all right reserv; specif and descript subject to chang without
notic.


